Paulo Dybala replaced Cristiano Ronaldo and scored the winner as Juventus beat AC Milan 1-0 on Sunday to move back to the top of Serie A. Ronaldo was substituted in the 55th minute and left the game before the final whistle at the Allianz Stadium, according to Sky in Italy.AC Milan had the better of the chances but substitute Dybala scored 13 minutes from time to secure victory for the eight-time defending champions.Juventus restored their one-point advantage over Inter Milan in the Serie A standings after Antonio Conte's side's 2-1 win over Hellas Verona on Saturday.AC Milan arrived at Allianz Stadium with just one win in their last four matches but forced Juventus goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny into several tough saves in the first half.Ronaldo has struggled with a knee injury recently and was substituted for the second straight match early in the second half. The Portugal international did not look happy and walked straight down the tunnel.But the substitution was to pay off when Dybala collected the ball from Gonzalo Higuain, dribbled his way into the area and fired into the bottom left corner.AC Milan slip to 14th, just four points off the relegation zone. La Liga: Morata rescues Atletico Atletico Madrid were heading for another disappointment on Sunday before Alvaro Morata came to his side's rescue again.The striker provided the spark Atletico needed after his team fell behind against Espanyol thanks to Sergi Darder's long-range effort, which increased the pressure on Atletico following their three-match winless run and victories by Spanish league leaders Barcelona and Real Madrid on Saturday.Morata led Atletico's rally with an assist to Angel Correa's goal just before half-time. He then scored his sixth goal in as many matches after the break to put the team back on top before Koke sealed the 3-1 victory in injury time.The home win moved Atletico to third place with 24 points, one point behind Barcelona and Madrid, who both have a game in hand.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableSevilla also kept the pressure up at the top by beating Real Betis 2-1 in the Seville derby.Lucas Ocampos and Luuk de Jong scored for the visitors, while Betis got on the board through Loren Morn.It was Sevilla's first win after two consecutive league draws. Betis, coming off a draw at Real Madrid, dropped to 17th place, just outside the relegation zone.Elsewhere, Japanese teenager Takefusa Kubo, who is on loan from Real Madrid, scored his first Spanish league goal on Sunday, leading Mallorca to its first win in four matches with a 3-1 home win against Villarreal.Athletic Bilbao came from behind to defeat Levante 2-1 to stay five points off the lead, in sixth place, while seventh-place Getafe drew 0-0 at home with 10th-place Osasuna.Bundesliga: Monchengladbach clear at top, Freiburg controversy Borussia Monchengladbach remained clear at the Bundesliga summit after beating Werder Bremen but it was Freiburg's home win over Eintracht Frankfurt that created the headlines.Freiburg were on course for a 1-0 victory and a share of second place when, deep into stoppage time, controversy struck as Frankfurt captain David Abraham barged over home coach Christian Streich, sparking a mass melee involving both teams. The 54-year-old Streich, standing in his technical area, was knocked onto his back after Abraham caught him with his shoulder as he ran off the pitch in pursuit of the ball.Abraham was subsequently sent off despite remonstrating with the referee, as was Freiburg midfielder Vincenzo Grifo - who had earlier been substituted - for his role in the ugly touchline fracas.That took the number of red cards in the match to three, with Frankfurt having also lost Gelson Fernandes on the stroke of half-time to a second booking.The only goal of the game was scored by Nils Petersen in the 77th minute, the Germany striker drilling home a first-time finish for his fourth goal in his last three league matches.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesPetersen's goal saw Freiburg move level in second with Bayern Munich and RB Leipzig, who both won on Saturday, but Monchengladbach remained four points clear with their 3-1 victory over Bremen.Two goals in quick succession from Ramy Bensebaini and Patrick Herrmann midway through the first half set Monchengladbach on course.Herrmann's second just before the hour mark made it 3-0 and although the hosts saw Bensebaini sent off and Leonardo Bittencourt pull a goal back for Bremen late on, Marco Rose's men had done enough.Also on Sunday, Bayer Leverkusen beat Wolfsburg 2-0 to pick up their first Bundesliga win in five matches and climb up to eighth.Karim Bellarabi gave Leverkusen a 25th-minute lead and Paulinho settled the contest late on as Wolfsburg suffered a fourth successive defeat in all competitions.Ligue 1: Payet double inspires Marseille Dimitri Payet scored twice as Marseille won 2-1 against Lyon in Ligue 1 despite the second-half dismissal of Alvaro Gonzalez.Payet put Marseille two goals to the good at half-time, first with a penalty and then a clinical finish as he was involved three times in a rapid counter-attack.The second half saw a delay of around five minutes as thick fog descended on the Stade Velodrome but Moussa Dembele pulled one back after an error from Gonzalez, who was then shown a straight red card for a professional foul on the ex-Celtic striker.But the 10 men held on as Martin Terrier's effort in the 90th minute flashed millimetres wide and Jason Denayer's header was easily saved.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableSt Etienne climbed to fourth place with a 3-2 win at Nantes.The hosts led twice, through Ludovic Blas and Imran Louza, but Miguel Trauco equalised on the first occasion and Denis Bouanga's brace secured victory for Claude Puel's side.Montpellier are sixth after an emphatic 3-0 win over Toulouse.Andy Delort's sublime chip was disallowed for offside but he neatly created Gaetan Laborde's eventual opener just before half-time and victory was secured in the second half by Damien Le Tallec's header and Teji Savanier's long-range strike.Rennes came from behind to beat Amiens in the day's other game.Sehrou Guirassy gave the visitors the lead after Gael Kakuta's clever flick but Adrien Hunou quickly bundled home an equaliser.M'Baye Niang's close-range finish and Raphinha's penalty, awarded by VAR, settled the match in the second half.
Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker&#8217;s agent Mino Raiola, plus more from Tuesday's European press. Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyJuventus are interested in Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong and may make an approach for the 19-year-old in January when his contract at Old Trafford will have just six months to run. (CalcioMercato) Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker's agent Mino Raiola about a potential move in January. The 19-year-old has failed to score in his four Premier League appearances since his move from Juventus. (CalcioMercato) Roma have offered Lorenzo Pellegrini a new contract amid interest from Tottenham. The midfielder's current deal contains a &#163;25m release clause which the Serie A club want to remove. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to submit an offer of around &#163;35m to Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland and will also make a move for his Norway team-mate Sander Berge, who is valued at &#163;17m by Genk. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus and AC Milan are prepared to rival Inter Milan in the race to sign Dries Mertens. The Napoli forward's contract expires next summer and could be available for a cut-price fee in January. (Il Mattino)SpainBarcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and will open talks with the Brazilian in January over a free transfer to the Camp Nou next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid winger Lucas Vazquez turned down approaches from Manchester United, Arsenal and Bayern Munich this summer as he didn't want to leave the Spanish capital. (Cadena Ser) Paris Saint-Germain are interested in Real Madrid star Vinicius Junior and could make an offer for the Brazilian next summer or demand the 19-year-old is included in any potential deal for Kylian Mbappe. (Sport) Former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz has been offered to Espanyol by Real Madrid as the La Liga giants attempt to trim their squad. (Sport) Ivan Rakitic is unhappy with his lack of first-team football at Barcelona. \"I've had the ball taken away from me and I'm sad about it,\" he said. \"What I want is to continue having fun, that's the most important thing. I can only have fun by playing.\" (Movistar+)GermanyBayern Munich will attempt to lure Pep Guardiola back to the club next summer as the Manchester City boss is no longer happy at the Etihad Stadium. However, it's believed the Catalan coach will take an international job when he leaves City. (Sport Bild)  The other two frontrunners to take charge at the Allianz Arena on a permanent basis are Paris Saint-Germain head coach Thomas Tuchel and Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. (Sport Bild) Borussia Dortmund want to sign a striker in January and have looked into potential deals for Chelsea's Olivier Giroud, Juventus' Mario Mandzukic and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who will leave LA Galaxy next month. (Bild) FranceReal Madrid have prepared a package of &#163;340m to secure the signing of Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. (Le Parisien) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyCristiano Ronaldo will meet with Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici and vice-chairman Pavel Nedved after the international break and will face questions as to why he left the stadium after being substituted in the club's 1-0 victory over Milan. (Gazzetta dello Sport) The Juventus squad also expect an apology from the Portugal forward, who will not be fined by the Serie A side. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to sell Kalidou Koulibaly next summer if they receive a substantial offer for the centre-back. President Aurelio De Laurentiis plans to overhaul the squad with Dries Mertens, Jose Callejon, Lorenzo Insigne, Allan, Elseid Hysaj and Faouzi Ghoulam also set to depart. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter Milan will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud, Genoa forward Christian Kouame and SPAL defender Andrea Petagna in January as the club attempt to provide Antonio Conte with reinforcements to challenge for the title. (Tuttosport)  Milan, meanwhile, after interested in Manchester United target Mario Mandzukic and could make an offer to Napoli for Dries Mertens. (Tuttosport) Tottenham are interested in Roma midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini and could make an offer for the Italian in January if they are able to sell Christian Eriksen. (CalcioMercato) SpainNeymar would still like to leave Paris Saint-Germain and rejoin Barcelona and has reiterated that desire to key members of the La Liga champions' dressing room. (Mundo Deportivo)  Diego Simeone would like Atletico Madrid to sign Edinson Cavani when the striker's contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires at the end of the season. (AS) Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo is happy to remain at Real Madrid for the entirety of his career. \"I love Madrid: the weather, the lifestyle, it reminds me of S&#227;o Paulo. If I can, I would stay here for a lifetime.\" (AS) FranceRiyad Mahrez has revealed he wanted joined Arsenal in 2016 after helping Leicester City win the Premier League. He said: \"Leicester blocked it. They said to me, 'You shall not leave.' My agent had spoken with (Arsene) Wenger who really wanted me, it was nearly done with Arsenal.\" (France Football)  Manchester United and Atletico Madrid are prepared to rival Barcelona in the race to sign Rennes wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga. The 17-year-old has starred for the Ligue 1 side this season and could cost in excess of &#163;30m. (L'Equipe) Switzerland Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, who was stripped of the club captaincy last week, expects to complete a move to AC Milan when the transfer window reopens. (RSI) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.FranceChelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante could finish his career at Stamford Bridge. \"I am at Chelsea until 2023 and in my head, I hope to continue to have great seasons with Chelsea.\" (Telefoot) Marco Verratti is happy to spend the remainder of his career at Paris Saint-Germain. \"People say to me, 'Why not try another club?' It's because for me [at PSG], it's always like the first day. I want to help the team and winning here is different from winning with another team.\" (Telefoot) Barcelona are interested in Rennes' midfielder Eduardo Camavinga but would have to pay around &#163;35m for the 16-year-old who starred against Paris Saint-Germain earlier this season. (L'Equipe) ItalyCristiano Ronaldo left the Juventus Stadium before the final whistle against Milan after he was visibly irritated at being substituted in the 55th minute for Paulo Dybala, who scored the home side's late winner. (Sky Italia) Gonzalo Higuain is set to sign a contract extension with Juventus. The Serie A giants wanted to sell the striker after failed loan moves at Milan and Chelsea but the striker has impressed this term and sporting director Fabio Paratici says his form will be rewarded. (Sky Italia)  Milan will attempt to sell Franck Kessie in January after the midfielder was left out of the squad to face Juventus. The Rossoneri hope to raise up to &#163;30m from the sale of the 22-year-old with Monaco and Wolves interested. (Gazzetta dello Sport) SpainAyoze Perez turned down a move to Valencia in order to join Leicester City in the summer. \"It's true Valencia were interested and I was tempted to move back to Spain,\" he said. \"But Leicester offered me an ambitious project and I would play an important role.\" (ABC) West Ham United are interested in Real Betis defender Aissa Mandi and could make an offer for the centre-back, who has a &#163;25m buyout clause, in January. (Estadio Deportivo)  Thibaut Courtois insists he never doubted himself during his time at Real Madrid. \"I know what I am worth, I always have done,\" the goalkeeper, who hasn't conceded a goal in 533 minutes said. \"I never lost my confidence and I feel good.\" (Marca) Belgium Michy Batshuayi would like to start more games for Chelsea but is prepared to wait for his chance under Frank Lampard. \"I am frustrated,\" he admitted.\"You want to play football but the decision is made. I just give the maximum and try to show the 'boss' that I am ready.\" (Het Laatste Nieuws) 
Two goals from the seemingly unstoppable Robert Lewandowski helped Bayern Munich banish the nightmare of last week's thrashing by Eintracht Frankfurt that led to the sacking of Niko Kovac. Six days after Bayern's heaviest Bundesliga defeat for over 10 years in losing 5-1 to Eintracht, they hammered old rivals Borussia Dortmund 4-0 at the Allianz Arena to move up to third and a point behind leaders Borussia Monchengladbach.Poland striker Lewandowski scored the first and third goals in the 17th and 76th minutes to take his tally to a remarkable 26 in 22 games for club and country this season.Serge Gnabry added a VAR-confirmed second just after the break, with a Mats Hummels own goal 10 minutes from time compounding Dortmund's misery.Wenger: I'll hold Bayern talks next weekPSG boss Tuchel contacted by BayernSchweinsteiger: Jose would be tempted by BayernLeipzig stay in touchSecond-placed RB Leipzig are also a point behind Monchengladbach following a come-from-behind 4-2 win at Hertha Berlin.They were made to do it the hard way at the Olympiastadion, however, as the home side opened the scoring with a stunning strike from Maxi Mittelstadt just after the half hour.Hertha's lead was shortlived, though, as six minutes later Timo Werner slotted home the equaliser from the penalty spot after VAR confirmed a handball against Karim Rekik, with Marcel Sabitzer giving the visitors the lead on the stroke of half-time.Leipzig had to wait until late on to seal the points via goals from Kevin Kampl and Werner's 11th of the season, with Davie Selke's added-time strike nothing more than a consolation.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesBundesliga round-up: Wins for Union Berlin, AugsburgUnion Berlin almost threw away a three-goal lead as they held on to beat Mainz 3-2 at the Coface Arena.Daniel Brosinski's own goal on the half hour sparked Mainz's downfall, that was completed by a double either side of the interval from Sebastian Andersson to take the Sweden international's tally for the season to six.Karim Onisiwo pulled one back in the 81st minute, with Brosinksi adding a second in the fourth minute of added time, only for Union to claim a third victory in their last four league games to lift themselves up to mid-table.Rouwen Hennings scored a 23-minute second-half hat-trick as Fortuna Dusseldorf came from behind on three occasions to salvage a point from a 3-3 draw at Schalke, who missed the chance to move into the top four.Goals from Daniel Caligiuri, Ozan Kabak and Suat Serdar all gave Schalke the lead at various stages, only for Hennings to equalise every time, with his first from the spot, and his hat-trick goal coming five minutes from time for his 11th of the season.SC Paderborn remain rooted to the foot of the table after suffering a ninth league defeat of the campaign, with Philipp Max scoring the only goal of the game in Augsburg's 1-0 win at the Benteler-Arena.La Liga: Real keep pace at top Real Madrid hammered Eibar 4-0 to keep the pressure on at the top of La Liga.The visitors - aiming to move ahead of Real Sociedad and keep pace with Barcelona, who beat Celta Vigo 4-1, hit three goals inside the first 30 minutes. Karim Benzema broke the deadlock with an angled finish before captain Sergio Ramos soon added a penalty spot, and the Frence forward also converted from the spot.Federico Valverde clipped in a fourth on the hour, his first La Liga goal for Real Madrid, to seal a comfortable win for Zinedine Zidane's side, who followed up their midweek 6-0 Champions League thrashing of Galatasaray.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLigue 1: PSG extend lead at top Mauro Icardi scored a late winner as Paris Saint-Germain returned to winning ways to extend their lead to nine points at the top of Ligue 1 thanks to a 2-1 victory over Brest at Stade Francis-Le Ble.Samuel Grandsir's 72nd-minute equaliser for the hosts had cancelled out Angel Di Maria's first-half opener for the French champions.But on-loan Inter Milan striker Icardi fired home from close range with five minutes remaining for his fifth goal from the last five league games.Angers remain second after they were held to a goalless stalemate by Reims despite losing Angelo Fulgini to a second booking with 20 minutes remaining, while the point saw Reims move up two spots to fifth.Lille moved into the top three thanks to another stalemate as they shared the spoils from a 0-0 draw against struggling Metz, who moved out of the bottom three.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableMonaco moved up to eighth after returning to winning ways with a narrow 1-0 victory over Dijon.Russia international Aleksandr Golovin broke the deadlock three minutes before the break with his third league goal of the season and that proved enough as Dijon dropped to second-bottom to sit just one point above basement side Nimes.Lebo Mothiba was on target twice as Strasbourg pulled three-points clear of the relegation zone with a 4-1 victory over 10-man Nimes at Stade de la Meinau.Ludovic Ajorque opened the scoring after 14 minutes for Strasbourg as he picked out the bottom-left corner with a close-range effort and South Africa striker Mothiba doubled their lead on the stroke of half-time.Midfielder Romain Philippoteaux pulled one back for the visitors just after the break as he slotted Haris Duljevic's assist into the top corner and the night got worse for lowly Nimes as they lost Florian Miguel to a second yellow card after 66 minutes.Dimitri Lienard restored Strasbourg's two-goal lead with 20 minutes remaining and Mothiba added the gloss with his second of the night five minutes from time
Jadon Sancho did not sustain another injury in Borussia Dortmund's clash with Bayern Munich and remains in contention for England's upcoming European Qualifiers against Montenegro and Kosovo. Dortmund winger Sancho was replaced by Portugal international Raphael Guerreiro in the 36th minute of Saturday's 'Der Classiker' away to Bayern.The midfielder was taken off because Dortmund head coach Lucien Favre believed he was playing poorly against the Bundesliga champions, and the decision was made not because of any injury concerns.\"He was injured for two days, couldn't train. He trained yesterday, and I think you could see that he was just not good enough. He wasn't injured,\" Favre said following his side's 4-0 loss on Saturday.Sancho had been an injury doubt for the Bundesliga clash after he came off in the closing stages of Dortmund's 3-2 Champions League win over Inter Milan in midweek with a hamstring injury.Favre opted to play the 19-year-old against Bayern but that decision appeared to have backfired after he was substituted in Munich.England manager Gareth Southgate - who named Sancho in his 27-man squad for the home game with Montenegro on November 14 and the trip to Kosovo three days later - will wait for any further updates on his fitness.England require just one point from their two upcoming games to qualify for Euro 2020.
Arsene Wenger remains in the running to take over as Bayern Munich head coach after revealing he will hold talks with the German club next week. The former Arsenal manager had emerged as a frontrunner to replace Niko Kovac before it was widely reported this week that Wenger was no longer an option for Bayern.However, in a bid to clear up the situation, Wenger told beIN Sports: \"I don't have any agent, I am the only one involved in this story. Nobody can talk on my behalf.\"I have known Franz Beckenbauer, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and Uli Hoeness for 40 years. The success of this club has been built on exceptional competency, honesty, discretion and simplicity. We always told the truth between all of us when it was necessary.\"What happened? My name came out from nowhere, without having anything with this. \"On Wednesday afternoon, Rummenigge called me, I could not answer at that moment, by politeness, I called him back. He was in his car going to the game against Olympiacos.\"We talked for four to five minutes maximum, and he told me they had assigned Flick to be the coach, he will manage the two next games, because they will play Dortmund tomorrow. \"He asked me if I would be interested because they are looking for a coach. I told him 'I haven't thought about it, I need some time to have a think about it'.\"We decided together we will talk next week because I am in Doha until Sunday night. This is the true story.\"I wish well to Bayern who are actually at a turning point, because Hoeness, key man of this club, is leaving, Rummenigge will leave in one year, it seems that the future is uncertain, and this club which always managed stuff by being very discreet and direct, is today very exposed with rumours coming from everywhere.\"For myself, I wish good luck to Bayern and for me the situation is clear.\"
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals. Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSpainReal Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and could make an offer for the striker next summer when he will have just one year remaining on his contract. (El Desmarque)Manchester United are ready to make Tottenham an offer of &#163;42m in January to secure the signing of Christian Eriksen, whose contract expires next summer. (El Desmarque)Manchester United have watched Valencia trio Jose Gaya, Carlos Soler and Ferran Torres this season but it is left-back Gaya who is thought to be United's primary target and they could make an offer for the 24-year-old in January. (Deporte Valenciano)Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is frustrated with Zinedine Zidane's public courtship of Kylian Mbappe as he does not want the club's relationship with Paris Saint-Germain to suffer and put a future deal for the French star at risk. (El Confidencial)Real Madrid are prepared to offer Manchester United James Rodriguez as part of any deal for midfielder Paul Pogba. The French star is also wanted by Juventus. (El Desmarque) FrancePSV head coach Mark van Bommel is a surprise candidate on the list of names Bayern Munich are considering as their head coach. The former midfielder spent five years with the German giants. (L'Equipe)Thiago Silva and Edinson Cavani are both set to leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season when their contracts expire. (Le10Sport)Paris Saint-Germain can't afford to offer Kylian Mbappe a contract that puts him alongside Neymar as the club's top earner. The Brazilian receives around &#163;25m a year after tax and raising Mbappe to that level would see the club fall foul of FFP. (L'Equipe) ItalyNapoli midfielder Allan's future is uncertain after he was left out of the squad to face Genoa. The Brazilian was involved in a dressing-room disagreement with president Aurelio De Laurentiis over the decision to force the players into a week-long training camp. (Various)Krzysztof Piatek may look to move away from Milan and is open to a return to former club Genoa. The striker scored 19 goals in 21 games for Il Grifone to earn a &#163;30m to San Siro in January 2018 but has netted only 14 times since. (Corriere dello Sport)Roma are interested in Napoli full-back Elseid Hysaj but would have to pay around &#163;20m to sign the 25-year-old who has made only three first-team appearances this season. (Corriere dello Sport)HollandAjax head coach Erik ten Hag is very interested in taking charge at Bayern Munich but isn't prepared to join the Bundesliga champions until next summer. (De Telegraaf)
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus are prepared to offer Manchester United cash and one of Mario Mandzukic, Blaise Matuidi, Emre Can or Daniele Rugani to secure the signing of Paul Pogba in January. (Tuttosport)Inter Milan will target Olivier Giroud, Dejan Kulusevski and Matteo Darmian when the transfer window reopens. Giroud is prepared to play deputy to Romelu Lukaku and Lautaro Martinez at San Siro. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli's Brazilian midfielder Allan was involved in a heated dressing-room exchange with club president Aurelio De Laurentiis after their 1-1 draw with Red Bull Salzburg and could now be sold. (Corriere dello Sport)SpainLiverpool were interested in Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo before he completed a &#163;40m move to Real Madrid. \"There was strong interest from Liverpool when he was in the lower categories and he wanted to go, but the offer was too low,\" former Santos coach Elano revealed. (AS)Luis Suarez will move to MLS when he leaves Barcelona according to Uruguay team-mate and Seattle Sounders midfielder Nicolas Lodeiro. \"He wants to join MLS,\" he said. \"I think it's only a matter of time before he's here.\" (Sport)Barcelona defender Jean-Clair Todibo could leave the Nou Camp in the January transfer window. The 19-year-old centre-back has made just four first-team appearances since joining from Toulouse. (El Desmarque)Germany Massimiliano Allegri could take charge at Bayern Munich after the Bundesliga club ruled out appointing Arsene Wenger. The former Arsenal boss offered his services to Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on Wednesday but was told he wasn't on their shortlist. (Bild)Alternatively, Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag is the Bundesliga champions' top candidate and they may keep faith in interim boss Hansi Flick until next summer in order to land the Dutchman. (Sport1)FranceParis Saint-Germain may offer Neymar a new contract to extend his stay at the Parc des Princes. The Brazilian's current deal expires in 2022 and he is now content in the French capital after he failed to force through a move to Barcelona in the summer. (L'Equipe)
Arsene Wenger has refused to rule out the prospect of taking over at Bayern Munich amid speculation linking him to the vacant manager's job at the Bundesliga club.  The former Arsenal boss has emerged as a contender for the role after Bayern sacked Niko Kovac at the weekend.Ralf Rangnick has turned down the chance to speak with Bayern, while Paris Saint-Germain head coach Thomas Tuchel has also said he is not interested.Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has also said he will not be leaving the Dutch club this season, despite interest from Bayern, with reports in Germany suggesting Wenger is now one of the favourites for the position.Asked whether he would be interested in the Bayern Munich job, Wenger told beIN Sports: \"Of course. Coaching was my whole life until now.\"Everybody who has coached will tell you the same. You miss the intensity but some things you miss a lot, some things you don't miss. I enjoyed the things I don't miss too much... \"But on the other hand, football games, winning football games, preparing the team for the game, and getting satisfaction and shared emotions. That is something that you miss.\"Elsewhere, Rangnick, who is head of sport and development at Red Bull, has turned down the chance to speak with Bayern about the vacancy.The 61-year-old's agent, Marc Kosicke, has revealed that Rangnick is not interested in taking over at the Allianz Arena. \"No, Ralf Rangnick is not available,\" Kosicke told Bild.\"We do not believe that what Ralf Rangnick brings is currently being sought after by Bayern. And that's why it makes no sense to hold concrete talks.\"Sky in Germany reported on Tuesday that PSG boss Tuchel had been contacted by Bayern Munich.However, speaking ahead of his side's Champions League clash with Club Brugge on Wednesday, the 46-year-old said he has no interest in a move to Bavaria. \"No I am not interested because I am the coach of PSG, for this season I am still in contract, you need to fact check, and the contract is still for next year so I don't even think about it,\" he said.Rangnick has previously had spells in charge of Hoffenheim, Schalke and RB Leipzig.
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainJuventus are interested in signing James Rodriguez from Real Madrid next summer as Cristiano Ronaldo would like to be reunited with the Colombia international in Turin. (El Desmarque)Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has staunchly denied reports which claim he wants Gareth Bale to leave in January. He said: \"It's silly, nobody can take something out of my mouth that is false. I want Bale to stay here until the end of the season.\" (Marca) Al-Rayyan are interested in Real Madrid striker Mariano Diaz and could make a move for the forward in January. The Qatari side have previously failed in bids to sign Diego Costa from Atletico Madrid and Mario Mandzukic from Juventus. (AS) Lionel Messi would prefer Barcelona to appoint River Plate coach Marcelo Gallardo if the club decide to sack Ernesto Valverde this season. (Mundo Deportivo) GermanyArsene Wenger is now the frontrunner to take charge at Bayern Munich after Ralf Rangnick turned down the chance to hold talks with the club. (Sport Bild)  Bastian Schweinsteiger expects Jose Mourinho, who has been linked with the Bayern job, to work in the Bundesliga: \"I can imagine Mourinho in Germany. He always asked me questions about Bayern and the Bundesliga. He knew all the players, even the least known, and he's learned German.\" (Sport Bild) ItalyThe governing body of Italian football (FIGC) have applied to the International Football Association Board (IFAB) for Serie A clubs to be able to make five substitutions in league matches. (ANSA) Chelsea will rival Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid, Borussia Dortmund, Inter Milan and PSG in the race to sign Brazilian wonderkid Reinier from Flamengo. The 17-year-old has been dubbed a \"Kaka clone\" and has scored three goals in 10 games. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Manchester United have turned down Roma's initial approach to make Chris Smalling's loan move permanent. The Serie A club had hoped a bid of &#163;10m plus a further &#163;2.5m in add-ons would convince United to sell. (Gazzetta dello Sport) France Qatar Sports Investments, the organisation which owns Paris Saint-Germain, remain intent on buying a club in England and their focus is on Leeds United. QSI value the Championship side between &#163;50m-&#163;70m. (L'Equipe) Paris Saint-Germain boss Thomas Tuchel has turned down an approach from Bayern Munich to take charge of the Bundesliga giants, who are searching for a new head coach after Niko Kovac was sacked. (L'Equipe) 
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will wait until next summer to replace head coach Ernesto Valverde. Current Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman is favourite to take charge at the Nou Camp. (Marca) Brazilian legend Ronaldo has revealed he looked into buying an English club before he invested in La Liga side Real Valladolid. \"I had looked in England, in the second division. The first one (the Premier League) was too expensive, and the second one was too.\" (AS) Barcelona are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to clinch the signing of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz next summer but will face competition from Real Madrid and several Premier League sides. (Sport) Achraf Hakimi would like to return to Real Madrid when his two-year loan deal with Borussia Dortmund ends this summer. He said: \"Madrid is my home, I grew up there. I am in Borussia until the end of the season and then we'll see.\" (Cadena Ser)ItalyAC Milan will attempt to sell midfielder Franck Kessie in January. Wolverhampton Wanderers were linked with the 22-year-old in the summer and remain interested in the Ivory Coast international who is valued at &#163;21.5m. (Sport Mediaset) The Rossoneri would look to sign Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic to replace Kessie and will also target Udinese's Rodrigo de Paul when the transfer window reopens. (Sport Mediaset)  Inter Milan will look to improve their squad in January after Antonio Conte claimed he lacked the players capable of competing in Serie A and the Champions League. Inter will move for d=De Paul and will also target Genoa forward Christian Kouame. (Corriere dello Sport) GermanyBayern Munich have held talks with Arsene Wenger and would like to appoint the former Arsenal boss after this weekend's Bundesliga clash against Borussia Dortmund. (Bild)  Wenger, who would be appointed until the end of the season, would not look to bring his own coaching team to Bayern and would instead work with the staff currently overseeing the first-team at the Allianz Arena. (Bild)TurkeyChelsea winger Pedro is wanted by Fenerbahce. The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the season and he can speak to clubs outside of England about a summer move in January. (Takvim) Norwich are interested in Besiktas defender Domagoj Vida and could make an offer of around &#163;8.5m for the 30-year-old Croatia centre-back who was a Wolves target in the summer. (Sabah)FranceParis Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo is frustrated with Real Madrid's public pursuit of Kylian Mbappe. \"It annoys me a little,\" he said. \"He's a player who is under contract with us for another two-and-a-half years. Honestly, it's time to stop.\" (RMC Sport) 
Bastian Schweinsteiger believes Jose Mourinho would be \"tempted\" to take over at Bayern Munich. Mourinho - sacked by Manchester United last December - is the bookies' favourite to replace Niko Kovac at Bayern Munich, the club where Schweinsteiger spent 13 years of his career.Ten Hag: I won't leave Ajax this seasonBayern contact Ten Hag after Kovac sackingBayern part ways with KovacSchweinsteiger worked with Mourinho at Old Trafford - although the Portuguese only used the midfielder in four matches - and says he saw signs to suggest the former Chelsea manager, who is working with Sky Sports this season, is keen to work in the Bundesliga.\"I can imagine Mourinho in Germany\", said Schweinsteiger, the former Bayern captain, in an interview with Bild.\"I remember he was always asking me about Bayern and the Bundesliga. During our away games, there was always Bundesliga on TV.\"He really knew every single player, even from the smaller teams. He was also learning German.\"He has not worked in the Bundesliga, so I can well imagine that he would be tempted by a commitment in Germany.\"Mourinho has admitted he is an admirer of the Bundesliga since leaving United.However, it is understood by Sky in Germany Bayern's top target to succeed Kovac, who was sacked on Sunday, is Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag.Ten Hag, who spent two years in charge of Bayern Munich II, says the German club is \"still in my heart\" but has confirmed he will not be leaving Ajax this season.
Ajax boss Erik ten Hag says he will not be leaving the club this season, despite interest from Bayern Munich. Sky in Germany report the Dutchman is the Bundesliga champions' top target as they search for a replacement for Niko Kovac.Bayern contact Ten Hag after Kovac departureBayern part ways with KovacBut when asked whether he would remain at Ajax for the rest of the season, Ten Hag said: \"Yes, I can confirm that.\"I feel a strong connection with my team and everyone at Ajax. I can confirm that I stay at Ajax this season.\"The 49-year-old spent two years as the coach of Bayern's reserve side and admitted that he still has strong feelings for the Bavarian club.\"Bayern is a fantastic club and I really enjoyed working there,\" he said. \"It's still in my heart but now I'm at Ajax.\"I'm not a dreamer. I focus on Ajax and live for today.\"However, Sky in Germany report Bayern have already contacted Ten Hag over their vacant managerial position, and Ten Hag did not deny that was the case.\"I can't answer that question,\" he said.Kovac left Bayern on Sunday in the wake of their 5-1 humbling at Frankfurt, his former club.Ten Hag led Ajax to the semi-finals of the Champions League last season, as well as a domestic double.He joined the club in 2017 and will lead them at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday when they take on Chelsea in the Champions League group stages.
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainGareth Bale wants to leave Real Madrid in January due to his poor relationship with manager Zinedine Zidane. The Welsh star has failed to hold down a regular starting role under the French coach. (AS) Bale's departure would allow Real Madrid to pursue a deal for either Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek or Tottenham star Christian Eriksen. (Mundo Deportivo) Kai Havertz would not rule out a move away from the Bundesliga when he leaves Bayer Leverkusen: \"I'm confident I could go abroad and play at clubs outside of Germany. For the moment, I want to have a good season. Afterwards, we'll see.\" (Marca)Las Palmas are interested in Barcelona midfielder Riqui Puig, who was wanted by Tottenham in the summer, and could make an offer to take the 19-year-old on loan in January. (Marca) ItalyJuventus, Real Madrid and Manchester United all hope to strike a deal with Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old, who has scored 22 goals in 16 games this season, could cost in excess of &#163;85m. (Tuttosport) Sandro Tonali is also on Juventus' list of targets for next summer. The Brescia midfielder, who has been dubbed the new Pirlo, could cost in excess of &#163;50m. (Tuttosport) Bologna hope to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic in January if the Swedish striker is prepared to return to Serie A. \"The phone calls between the coach (Sinisa Mihajlovic) and Ibra are there and if he wants to return to Italy, we're ready,\" said sporting director Riccardo Bigon. (Radio Anch'io Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe a new contract worth almost &#163;700,000 a week after tax to keep him out of the clutches of Real Madrid of Barcelona. The French forward's current deal expires in the summer of 2022. (Le Parisien)Mauro Icardi does not want to return to Inter Milan and hopes his loan move to PSG will be made permanent. \"To play for PSG is massive, it's one of the best clubs in the world. I'll do everything I can to stay. I need to show what I've got on the pitch.\" (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich may look to appoint an interim head coach until the end of the campaign as Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is not prepared to walk out on the Dutch giants mid-season. (Kicker) 
Real Sociedad went level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona after snatching a 2-1 victory away to fellow high-flyers Granada on Sunday thanks to a late strike from forward Cristian Portu. Portu had given the Basque side the lead midway through the first half, latching on to a pass from Mikel Oyarzabal and confidently finishing into the bottom corner after Granada lost possession inside their own half.Promoted Granada had fallen off the summit of the table in midweek after surprisingly leading the standings last weekend and had the chance to reclaim top spot after Barcelona, Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid had all failed to win on Saturday.They drew level in the 36th minute with an audacious long-range free-kick from Alvaro Vadillo, helped by some poor goalkeeping from Sociedad's Alex Remiro.But it was the visitors who struck in the 89th minute to steal all the points, as substitute Adnan Januzaj picked out Porto with a ground pass and the striker again showed real composure inside the area to score his second goal of the game.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableThe victory took Real Sociedad third on the standings on 22 points after 12 games, level with second-placed Real Madrid and leaders Barcelona, who both have a game in hand.Elsewhere, Eibar also picked up a late 2-1 win against Leganes, while in a topsy-turvy game that saw three converted penalties, Osasuna beat Alaves 4-2.Getafe beat Celta Vigo 1-0 while Real Valladolid cruised to a 3-0 win against Real Mallorca. Villarreal and Athletic Bilbao played out a goalless draw.Serie A: Balotelli faces racismMario Balotelli's most important kick on Sunday had nothing to do with the curling shot that he whipped into the top corner of the goal from beyond the box.Rather, it was the drop-kick the Brescia striker made moments earlier when he booted a ball high into the stands to express his frustration at racist chants from Hellas Verona fans.Balotelli then attempted to leave the field in the most high-profile incident yet in a Serie A season that has been marred by constant episodes of discrimination.Verona went ahead 2-0 before Balotelli scored for Brescia and the game ended 2-1.Lazio recorded their first away win against AC Milan in Serie A for 30 years to move fourth with a 2-1 victory at the San Siro.Ciro Immobile headed in his 100th goal for the capital club in the first half but the home side were soon level through a Bastos own goal.Serie A fixturesSerie A tableJoaquin Correa sealed the three points for Lazio with six minutes remaining to extend their unbeaten league run to six matches and move into the Champions League places.Quietly putting together a season that could be one to remember, Cagliari also moved into contention for the Champions League spots with a 2-0 win at 10-man Atalanta.An own-goal from Mario Pasalic and a goal from Christian Oliva moved Cagliari level on points with fourth-place Atalanta.Cagliari have not qualified for European competition in a quarter of a century since reaching the semi-finals of the 1994 UEFA Cup the competition which has since been renamed the Europa League.Elsewhere, Udinese won 3-1 at Genoa under interim coach Luca Gatti, who took over when Igor Tudor was fired Friday after the northeastern club conceded 11 goals in its previous two games.Lecce and Sassuolo drew 2-2 while Fiorentina were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Parma.Bundesliga: Schalke comeback beats Augsburg Schalke's Amine Harit scored an 82nd-minute winner as his team twice came from a goal down to beat hosts Augsburg 3-2 in the Bundesliga on Sunday and move level on points with fourth-placed Bayern Munich.Augsburg managed to score twice in the first half, once with captain Daniel Baier to take the lead in the 38th minute and another with Stephan Lichtsteiner's glancing header for an own goal on the stroke of half-time that brought Schalke level.Bayern part ways with KovacBundesliga fixturesBundesliga tableAlfred Finnbogason's well-taken penalty, awarded for a handball, put the hosts again in front on the hour but Schalke once more responded with Ozan Kabak's darting header from a Daniel Caligiuri free-kick 11 minutes later before Harit snatched the late winner.Elsewhere, Fortuna Dusseldorf beat Cologne 2-0 with Rouwen Hennings and Erik Thommy scoring.Ligue 1: Pressure eased on Vieira The pressure was growing on Nice coach Patrick Vieira after six matches without a win, so a 2-0 home victory in the French league against Reims on Sunday was timely.They were helped when visiting midfielder Moussa Doumbia was sent off in the 26th minute. Vieira's side quickly took advantage with midfielder Wylan Cyprien netting in the 32nd minute and defender Christophe Herelle getting the second shortly before the break.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableNantes missed the chance to close the gap on leader Paris Saint-Germain to five points after losing 2-0 at Bordeaux.The loss dropped Nantes down to third place behind Angers, while Bordeaux improved to sixth with goals from Guinea forward Franois Kamano and South Korea striker Ui-Jo Hwang.St Etienne continued their resurgence under Claude Puel with a 1-0 win against Monaco thanks to Denis Bouanga's 59th-minute goal. The visitors ended the game with 10 men when substitute Ruben Aguilar was shown a straight red card in the final minutes.
Bayern Munich want Ajax boss Erik ten Hag to replace Niko Kovac, who was sacked as manager on Sunday, according to Sky in Germany. Contact has already been made in their efforts to bring the Dutchman to the Allianz Arena, however, Sky in Germany report that the 49-year-old will not be available until the end of the 2019/20 campaign.Since his appointment in 2017, Ten Hag has won the Eredivisie, the Dutch Super Cup and KNVB Cup, and he guided Ajax to the Champions League semi-finals last season.Euro papers: Bayern's &#163;85m Sane budgetLewandowski: Europe's top No 9?The Dutch champions' run in the European Cup included victories over Real Madrid and Juventus during the knockout stages - as Ajax reached the last four of the competition for the first time since 1997.Ajax are undefeated at the start of the season in the league and are six points clear at the top of the Eredivisie after ten wins and two draws.Ten Hag is currently under contract at the Johan Cruyff Arena until 2022. Kovac was sacked as Bayern manager after 16 months in charge, following their 5-1 defeat to his former side Eintracht Frankfurt.CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and the Bavarian club's president Uli Hoeness held discussions with the Croat on Sunday, following the defeat at the Commerzbank Arena on November 2.Bayern are currently fourth in the Bundesliga, four points behind Borussia Monchengladbach after 10 games.Analysis: Why did Bayern pull the plug?Sky Sports' Ron Walker:\"Bayern were only four points off the top of the Bundesliga with plenty of time to improve, and riding high in their Champions League group, but there's a lot more to Niko Kovac's dismissal than the numbers.\"After all, Kovac held onto his job a year ago when his Bayern side trailed Borussia Dortmund by nine points, but was given a stay of execution and rewarded the board by leading the club to the domestic double.\"But patience ran out at the Allianz Arena with the feeling increasingly clear that he could not get the best out of a talented squad, with marquee summer signing Philippe Coutinho in particular panned for his performances in recent weeks.\"Kovac's line-up for Saturday's 5-1 thrashing at Eintracht Frankfurt was criticised by Sky in Germany expert and Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus with a number of players played out of position. \"With that, the coach has to expect consequences,\" he said.\"Given the chance, perhaps the now-departed head coach would have turned things round again. But with the hierarchy seemingly convinced he had lost the support of the players, his days were always numbered.\"
Bayern Munich have parted ways with head coach Niko Kovac after 16 months in charge. He leaves the club just one day after they were thrashed 5-1 at his former club Frankfurt.They are currently fourth in the Bundesliga, four points behind leaders Borussia Monchengladbach after 10 games.Announcing the decision, CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said: \"The performance of our team in recent weeks and the results have shown us that there was need for action.\"Uli Hoeness (president), Hasan Salihamidzic (sporting director) and I had an open and serious conversation with Niko on this basis on Sunday with the consensual result that Niko is no longer coach of FC Bayern.\"We all regret this development. I would like to thank Niko Kovac on behalf of FC Bayern for his work, especially for winning the double last season.\"Salihamidzic added: \"I now expect a positive development from our players and absolute motivation to achieve our goals for this season.\"Kovac admitted it was the correct time to leave the club he represented for two years as a player, saying: \"I think this is the right decision for the club at the moment.\"The results, and also the way we last played, made me come to that decision.\"My brother Robert (assistant coach) and I thank Bayern for the last one and a half years. During this time, our team has won the championship, the DFB Cup and the Super Cup.\"It was a good time. I wish the club and the team all the best.\"Kovac will be replaced by his assistant Hans Flick on an interim basis while Bayern search for a permanent replacement.
Bayern Munich sit four points off the top of the Bundesliga after a 5-1 thrashing at the hands of Eintracht Frankfurt. Eintracht punished the Bundesliga champions, who had Germany international Jerome Boateng sent off after just nine minutes.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesFilip Kostic and Djibril Sow scored first-half goals for the dominant hosts, and while Robert Lewandowski pulled one back for Bayern before half-time, Eintracht steam-rollered their illustrious opponents in a relentless second 45 minutes.David Abraham, Martin Hinteregger and Goncalo Paciencia put Bayern to the sword, lifting Eintracht up to sixth place, just one point off their fourth-placed opponents who now sit a further fourth points adrift of league leaders Monchengladbach.Borrussia Dortmund held on to second place with a 3-0 win over Wolfsburg. Thorgan Hazard, Raphael Guerreiro and Mario Gotze with the goals.La Liga: Barca badly beaten, Real fail to capitaliseBarcelona risk sacrificing top spot in La Liga after they were humbled by mid-table Levante's second-half comeback, going down 3-1.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLionel Messi opened the scoring with a first-half penalty but three goals inside 10 minutes gave Levante the lead against the Spanish champions.Jose Campana equalised and Borja Mayoral gave Levante the lead just two minutes later. A shell-shocked Barcelona then conceded a third five minutes after and the Valencia-based side held on for a famous win.Real Madrid missed the chance to make the most of Barcelona's shock 3-1 defeat at Levante as Real Betis battled to a goalless draw at Santiago Bernabeu.Eden Hazard's early effort was ruled out for offside at the start of what proved to be a frustrating night for Real Madrid, who found Betis goalkeeper Joel Robles in good form.Atletico Madrid were also held by Sevilla. Both sides are neck and neck with 21 points each, and couldnt be separated over 90 minutes. Sevilla took the lead through Franco Vazquez before former Chelsea man Alvaro Morata hit a second half equaliser.Serie A: Lukaku hits double as Inter go topFormer Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku hit a stoppage-time penalty as Inter beat Bologna 2-1 to leapfrog Juventus and go top of Serie A.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesRoberto Soriano put Bologna in front in the second half, but Lukaku hit back with an equaliser 15 minutes from time and struck again late on with a well-taken penalty to give his side all three points.Elsewhere, Roma made it three wins in a row and go third with an impressive win over fellow contenders Napoli.Nicolo Zaniolo broke the deadlock in the first half before a Jordan Veretout penalty doubled Roma's lead.And while Arkadiusz Milik hit back in the second half, an impressive backline including Chris Smalling held on for the win despite the stoppage-time dismissal of centre-back Mert Cetin.
There's less than two months to go until the January transfer window opens for business. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will allow midfielder Carles Alena, who has recently been linked with Tottenham, to leave on loan in January. (Mundo Deportivo)Another midfielder who had looked set to leave the Camp Nou was Arturo Vidal. However, after scoring against Real Valladolid in midweek the Chilean started Saturday's 3-1 loss at Levante and is understood to have moved up coach Ernesto Valverde's pecking order. (Marca)Barca coach Valverde is adamant he will not walk away after seeing his side lose for the third time in La Liga already this season. \"I'm not thinking of resigning,\" he said. The Blaugrana remain top of the table on goal difference. (Sport)Ajax's Netherlands U17 international Naci Unuvar insists he is focused on the U17 World Cup taking place in Brazil, rather than Barcelona's reported interest in him.\"I am flattered by Barca's interest but right now I am only thinking about the World Cup,\" the 16-year-old attacker said. \"The messages from Barca, right now, take second place. I am completely focused on this competition.\" (Sport)ItalyBayern Munich still retain a keen interest in Manchester City winger Leroy Sane but will only offer &#163;69m. (Calciomercato) AC Milan will revive their interest in Juventus defender Daniele Rugani after failing to bring the Italian to San Siro in the summer. The 25-year-old has previously been linked with Arsenal. (Calciomercato)Liverpool have joined Chelsea and Borussia Dortmund in watching Hertha Berlin's Dutch winger Jaivaro Dilrosun. The 21-year-old has three goals and two assists in the Bundesliga this season. (Calciomercato)Internazionale are planning for life without goalkeeper and captain Samir Handanovic. Udinese keeper Juan Musso and Ionat Radu, on loan at Genoa from Inter, are under consideration to succeed the 35-year-old. (Tuttosport)GermanyBayern Munich's decision to cancel Sunday's open training session has nothing to do with the future of under-pressure coach Niko Kovac following Saturday's 5-1 humbling at Eintracht Frankfurt. (Sport1) FranceParis Saint-Germain defender Marquinhos in close to signing a contract extension with the French champions which will take him beyond 2022. (Le10Sport) Former Juventus boss Max Allegri remains an option to replace Thomas Tuchel at Paris Saint-Germain following Friday's shock 2-1 defeat at Dijon. (Le Parisien)PSG could accelerate plans to sign Juventus right-back Mattia De Sciglio from the Italian champions in January after Abdou Diallo's unconvincing display there against Dijon. (Le Parisien)On the left-hand side of defence, PSG would like Layvin Kurzawa to leave in January - six months before his contract is due to end - and will reinvest any money they recoup for the former Monaco left-back. (Le Parisien)RomaniaSteaua Bucharest coach Bogdan Vintila has confirmed Manchester City's interest in Romanian winger Florinel Coman. \"There were discussions with some people for Coman. It was about Florinel Coman being bought by a club owned by City,\" Vintila said. \"Anything is possible. Coman has quality. Maybe he can get to City. I say he can cope there. Maybe, because it's harder to adapt there, but otherwise, the team also helps.\" (Digisport)
Clubs across Europe have to wait another two months to sign players but that won't stop potential targets being or discussions being held over future deals. So, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkGermanyBayern Munich president Uli Hoeness believes the club will be able to sign Manchester City winger Leroy Sane for under &#163;85m next summer because the Germany international will have just one year remaining on his contract. (Sport Bild)SpainKylian Mbappe, Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford remain on Barcelona's radar but the La Liga champions are set to move for Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez. The Argentine, who has also been linked with Manchester United, has a &#163;95.6m buyout clause that becomes active next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona defender Gerard Pique insists there is no rift between Lionel Messi and Antoine Griezmann. \"Just because he doesn't get on with Griezmann like he does with Luis (Suarez) doesn't mean they don't get on well,\" the centre-back said. (AS)Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Brazilian wonderkid Reinier from Flamengo but may have to pay over &#163;50m to sign the 17-year-old attacking midfielder. (AS) Borussia Dortmund have watched Valencia's Ferran Torres on several occasions this season and plan to make a move for the winger next summer. The 19-year-old has also been linked with Barcelona and Liverpool. (Marca) ItalyRoma have made an offer of around &#163;8.5m to make Chris Smalling's loan move from Manchester United permanent but the Premier League club want closer to &#163;17m for the centre-back. (Sky Italia) Chelsea are interested in Hertha winger Javairo Dilrosun and could make a move for the 21-year-old next summer. The Netherlands international has three goals and two assists in six Bundesliga games this season and is also wanted by Borussia Dortmund. (Calciomercato) Inter Milan CEO Beppe Marotta does not expect the club to sign players in January despite being linked with Nemanja Matic, Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal. \"The January window is poor, there aren't many great opportunities,\" he said. \"I don't know what the market can offer, no great players are available.\" (Sky Italia) FranceEdinson Cavani is not completely happy at Paris Saint-Germain, according to head coach Thomas Tuchel. The Uruguayan, who is out of contract next summer, has not started a game since his return from injury earlier this month. (L'Equipe)  Nantes are the latest side to show interest in Hatem Ben Arfa. The Frenchman has been without a club since leaving Rennes at the end of last season and has been linked with Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 teams. (L'Equipe)BelgiumWatford and Wolves are interested in Royal Antwerp defender Aurelio Buta and could make a move for the 22-year-old in January. (Het Nieuwsblad) 
Clubs across Europe can't sign players for another two months but that won't stop sides from identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyManchester City had a bid for Juventus midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur rejected in the summer but the Premier League champions remain interested in the Argentina international who is also wanted by Barcelona. (Corriere dello Sport)AC Milan are prepared to make an offer for Liverpool centre-back Dejan Lovren in January. The Serie A giants were interested in the Croatian international in the summer but were put off by the Reds' &#163;20m valuation. (Tuttosport)Juventus are prepared to offer Red Bull Salzburg &#163;35m for striker Erling Haaland and the striker's agent Mino Raiola is already working on a deal to take the 19-year-old to Turin. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Inter Milan could give Barcelona a first option on either Stefano Sensi, Lautaro Martinez or Milan Skriniar if the La Liga giants are prepared let Arturo Vidal join the Italian club on loan in January. (Tuttosport)GermanyManchester City want Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho and are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to re-sign the 19-year-old who left the club in the summer of 2017. However, they will face competition from Real Madrid and Barcelona. (Sport Bild)Liverpool, Bayern Munich and Barcelona are all interested in Valencia's 19-year-old winger Ferran Torres. The Spain Under-21 international's contract expires in 2021 and he could be available for a cut-price fee next summer. (Sport Bild)Bayern Munich are interested in Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino and could look to replace Niko Kovac with the Argentine coach. (Sport1)Schalke sporting director Jochen Schneider would like to keep Everton loanee Jonjoe Kenny at the club beyond this season: \"We're happy that we have him, not only as a player but as a person he suits Schalke. I hope we will have the chance to keep him longer.\" (Sport Bild)France Emre Can wants to leave Juventus and join Paris Saint-Germain. The Germany international was omitted from Juve's Champions League squad this season and has started just once under Maurizio Sarri. (Soccer Link)Marco Verratti has agreed a three-year extension to his contract at Paris Saint-Germain which will keep him at the French club until 2024. The Italian midfielder has been a long-term target for Barcelona but a move to the Camp Nou has never come to fruition. (Various)
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. And we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus could launch a move to bring Paul Pogba back to Turin in January. The France midfielder left the Serie A champions in 2016 for Manchester United but is keen to leave Old Trafford and is open to a return to Italy. (Tuttosport)AC Milan and Inter Milan will pursue deals for Luka Modric, Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal in January. Real Madrid midfielder Modric is on the radar of the Rossoneri while Barcelona duo Rakitic and Vidal have both been linked with a move to Inter. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Edinson Cavani turned down a move to Inter Milan in the summer as the Uruguay striker wanted to see out his contract with Paris Saint-Germain, which expires at the end of the current campaign. (Gazzetta dello Sport)SpainZinedine Zidane does not want Gareth Bale to leave Real Madrid in January. \"We have a good relationship, no matter what is said about that in the press,\" Zidane said. \"He never talks about leaving and I would not welcome his departure this winter.\" (Cadena Cope)The Wales forward's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has played down speculation Bale will leave for China in January. \"Gareth is ecstatic to play for Madrid,\" he said. \"China? Don't believe everything you read.\" (Deportes Cuatro)AC Milan are interested in Carles Alena and would like to sign the Barcelona midfielder on loan in January. However, the 21-year-old would prefer to stay in Spain and may have offers from Real Betis, Getafe, Celta Vigo and Granada. (Estadio Deportivo)Ajax, Real Betis and Eibar hoped to take Barcelona youngster Riqui Puig on loan in the summer but the La Liga champions wanted the midfielder, who is regarded as one of the club's brightest academy prospects, to remain at the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo)Germany Borussia Dortmund have identified Hertha winger Javairo Dilrosun and Valencia's Ferran Torres as potential replacements for Jadon Sancho. (Sport Bild)Sancho is expected to leave Dortmund next summer and the German club will use the &#163;130m fee Barcelona paid for Ousmane Dembele as a benchmark figure for the England international. (Sport Bild)Denis Zakaria will not leave Borussia Monchengladbach in the January transfer window according to the club's sporting director Max Eberl. The midfielder has been linked with Liverpool, Manchester United, Tottenham and Arsenal. (Sportbuzzer)FranceCristiano Ronaldo has admitted he would prefer to only play in the Champions League and for Portugal: \"If it were up to me I would only play important games,\" he said. \"Those of the national team and the Champions League. Those with something at stake, with a difficult environment, with pressure.\" (France Football)Layvin Kurzawa will turn down offers to leave Paris Saint-Germain in January and will see out his contract with the Ligue 1 club before leaving for nothing next summer. (Le Parisen)
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainMarcus Rashford and Harry Kane remain on Barcelona's radar as they continue to scour Europe for a long-term replacement for Luis Suarez. Kylian Mbappe and Lautaro Martinez are, however, the front-runners on the club's shortlist. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are set to open contract talks with Lionel Messi and Marc-Andre ter Stegen in the coming months. Messi's current deal expires in the summer of 2021 while the German goalkeeper's contract runs until 2022. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are interested in Stefano Sensi and could make a move for the Italian midfielder next summer. Sensi is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Sassuolo and the Serie A club have an option to make the deal permanent for &#163;21.5m. (Sport)Carles Alena is set to leave Barcelona on loan in January due to a lack of playing time this season. The midfielder has previously been linked with a move to the Premier League but Barca would prefer the 21-year-old to remain in La Liga. (Sport)Real Madrid are interested in Paris Saint-Germain's 17-year-old midfielder Adil Aouchiche, who struck nine goals in four games at this summer's U17 European Championships. (AS)Italy Manchester United are keen on Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar but the Premier League side would face competition from Barcelona if they decide to move for the Slovakia international. (Tuttosport)Antonio Conte would rather Inter pursue a deal for Arturo Vidal in January rather than trying to convince Barcelona to sell Ivan Rakitic. The Italian coach does not believe the Croatian midfielder is needed after the emergence of Stefano Sensi. (Tuttosport)France Watford have made an offer for 17-year-old striker Haissem Hassan, who plays for Ligue 2 side Chateauroux. However, the Hornets face competition from Barcelona to sign the France U18 international. (L'Equipe)Paris Saint-Germain have yet to hold talks with Edinson Cavani over a new contract and the Uruguayan is set to leave the French capital when his contract expires at the end of the season. (Le Parisen)Mauro Icardi has called Paris Saint-Germain the best side he has played for after he struck twice in the club's 4-0 win over Marseille. \"I have played with great champions, but this PSG is the best team I have ever played in,\" the Argentine striker said. (Canal+)HollandFormer Tottenham star Rafael van der Vaart believes the club should sign Ajax's Hakim Ziyech to replace Christian Eriksen: \"I talked to [Daniel] Levy and said, 'Sign Ziyech after this season'. I'm convinced he would be a sensation in London.\" (Studio Voetbal)
Romelu Lukaku's goal was not enough for Inter Milan as they missed out on the chance to steal top spot in Serie A from Juventus. Inter were held to a 2-2 draw by Parma at San Siro, with Antonio Candreva's opener cancelled out by goals from former Inter forward Yann Karamoh and Gervinho to give the visitors a shock half-time lead.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesAntonio Conte's side fought back through Lukaku's strike after the break but the point meant they were unable to take advantage of a Juventus slip-up.The champions were held to a 1-1 draw at Lecce earlier in the day but they remain top of the table on 23 points, one point ahead of Inter in second.Bundesliga: Dortmund miss chance to cut leadSchalke 04 and Borussia Dortmund played out a lacklustre 0-0 draw on Saturday that saw both teams drop off the pace in the Bundesliga title race.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesSchalke twice hit the woodwork through Salif Sane and Suat Serdar in a dominant first half with Dortmund content to play second fiddle.Dortmund left their attacking game for the second half with Jadon Sancho coming close, but they were badly missing injured top striker Paco Alcacer, out with a muscle problem.Third-placed Dortmund, who have now won only one of their last five league games, are on 16 points, with Schalke in seventh spot on 15.While avoiding defeat at Schalke is important in such a derby, the pressure on Dortmund coach Lucien Favre is mounting after their midweek Champions League loss to Inter Milan.Bayern Munich lead the standings on 18 points after edging visitors Union Berlin 2-1, with striker Robert Lewandowski becoming the first Bundesliga player to score in each of the first nine league games.Ligue 1: Lyon move away from dangerLyon finally looked like they may put their awful start to the league season behind them with a 2-0 win over relegation rivals Metz.Ligue 1 tableLigue 1 fixturesGoals from former Manchester United forward Memphis Depay and a penalty from ex-Celtic man Moussa Dembele proved the difference, with a result that moves Lyon up into 12th, two points ahead of their visitors, who they had trailed at the start of the day - and still sit 19th. Elsewhere, Lille kept up their excellent start with a comprehensive 3-0 win over Bordeaux, to keep within a point of second-placed Nantes.Benjamin Andre put them ahead midway through the first half, before Yusuf Yazici doubled the lead from the penalty spot, and in second-half stoppage time Loic Remy added the third.Brest are a point behind them in fifth courtesy of a a third straight win, this time seeing off bottom side Dijon 2-0, while Angers slipped off the pace into sixth with a 0-0 draw at Montpellier. It was also goalless between Reims and Nimes, while Strasbourg moved out of the bottom three thanks to a surprise 1-0 win over Nice.
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Papers: Chelsea target Werner and WilsonTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsAnd we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.GermanyManchester United are interested in Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller and the German is prepared to leave the Bundesliga giants in January due to a lack of playing time this season. (Bild) United would face competition from Inter, however, in the race to sign Muller. The Italian club believe the German's current unhappiness and his contract expiring in the summer of 2021 make him an affordable option in January. (Kicker) Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has quashed speculation the Bundesliga side have spoken to Jose Mourinho in regard to replacing Lucien Favre. \"These rumours around Mourinho lack any substance,\" he said. (Sky Germany) SpainReal Madrid president Florentino Perez has made Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe the club's priority target and is prepared to pay up to &#163;260m to secure the signing of the French star. (AS)  Samuel Chukwueze has signed a new long-term contract with Villarreal which has seen his buyout clause rise from &#163;34.5m to &#163;86.5m. The 20-year-old was linked with a number of top European clubs after impressing last season. (AS) Barcelona are interested in Brazilian duo Everton and Rodrigo Caio. Gremio winger Everton was linked with a number of European clubs after he starred in Brazil's Copa America success while Caio has impressed at Flamengo since a January move. (Mundo Deportivo) Ivan Rakitic is set to leave Barcelona in the January transfer window and join Inter Milan with the two clubs expected to agree a fee in the region of &#163;33m for the midfielder. (El Desmarque)ItalyJack Rodwell will undergo a medical with Roma today ahead of signing a short-term contract with the Serie A side. The midfielder has been without a club since leaving Blackburn Rovers at the end of last season. (Sky Italia) Paris Saint-Germain have joined the growing list of clubs interested in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has scored 20 goals in 13 games this season and is wanted by Manchester United, Manchester City, Juventus, Barcelona and Real Madrid. (CalcioMercato)  Arturo Vidal is open to a move away from Barcelona in January and the 32-year-old midfielder would favour a switch to Inter Milan where he would reunite with former Juventus boss Antonio Conte. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Turkey Leicester are interested in Trabzonspor's Turkish midfielder Kerem Baykus but Swansea City, Lazio and Freiburg are also interested in the 19-year-old. (Fotospor) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; So with the transfer rumour mill never stopped, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.FranceLyon will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud in January if Moussa Dembele completes a move to Manchester United in the winter transfer window. (Soccer Link) Paris Saint-Germain president Nasser Al-Khelaifi wanted to appoint Andre Villas-Boas in 2013 but sporting director Leonardo opposed the decision and the club instead turned to Laurent Blanc. (L'Equipe)SpainReal Madrid are prepared to offer Isco and around &#163;20m in exchange for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz, who the Serie A club value in excess of &#163;100m and is also wanted by Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Alvaro Odriozola will be offloaded by Real Madrid and the club will look to sign AC Milan's Davide Calabria, RB Leipzig's Lukas Klostermann or Nice's Youcef Atal as an alternative to Dani Carvajal at right-back. (Mundo Deportivo) Sevilla will attempt to rival Manchester United and Napoli in the race to sign Mario Mandzukic from Juventus in January. The 33-year-old has been told he can leave Turin if a suitable offer is made. (Marca)  Real Madrid are increasingly confident they will be able to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer for a world-record fee of around &#163;260m. (AS) Inter Milan have held talks with Barcelona over potential deals for Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal. The La Liga champions are prepared to sell the Croatia midfielder in January for around &#163;30m. (AS) AC Milan are interested in Atletico Madrid full-back Santiago Arias and could make an &#163;18m offer for the Colombia international who has fallen behind Kieran Trippier at the Wanda Metropolitano. (AS)ItalyBrescia president Massimo Cellino has revealed the sides interested in wonderkid midfielder Sandro Tonali. He said: \"All the big Italian clubs, and abroad Atletico Madrid, PSG and Manchester City. But in my view, he'd be better off remaining with Brescia.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan technical director Paolo Maldini believes Zlatan Ibrahimovic may not return to Serie A due to fear. He explained: \"It would be a dream return for several reasons but I think within his mind there is a little fear that he won't be the dominant Ibra of old.\" (Sky Italia)  Napoli have denied reports they were offered the chance to sign Erling Haaland from Molde for just &#163;4.5m. The striker, now at Red Bull Salzburg, has scored 20 goals in 13 games this season and has been linked with a number of top European sides. (Various) Juventus will need to make at least &#163;4.5m from the sale of Mario Mandzukic in January to avoid the Croatian striker being written off as a loss in the club's accounts. (Corriere di Torino) GermanyBayern Munich sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic says it is \"out of the question\" Thomas Muller leaves the Bundesliga club in January. The Germany international has been linked with potential moves to Manchester United or Inter Milan. (Sport Bild)  
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160; SpainReal Madrid are prepared to make an offer of &#163;90m plus Gareth Bale for Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba if the France international improves his form during the remainder of the campaign. (El Desmarque)Dani Ceballos, Martin Odegaard, Takefusa Kubo, Sergio Reguilon and Hakim Achraf will all return to Real Madrid next summer when their respective loan deals end and the club will look to incorporate the quintet into their squad. (AS)Barcelona have intensified their interest in Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez and view the Argentine as the long-term replacement to Luis Suarez at the Camp Nou. (AS) With interest growing in Kylian Mbappe, Paris Saint-Germain will offer the striker a new contract to try to keep him at the club. The 20-year-old's current deal expires in 2022 but PSG are prepared to offer him an improved contract until 2024. (Mundo Deportivo) MLS star Carlos Vela has revealed he held talks with Barcelona in January over a loan move to the Camp Nou: \"It was really close. Who could say no to playing with Messi for four months and then returning to LA?\" (Marca) ItalyJuventus are prepared to spend big to land another star name next summer and could move for either Kylian Mbappe or Neymar if Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to sell. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Real Madrid could be forced to pay in excess of &#163;100m for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz as the Spaniard's contract does not contain a release clause. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Roma want to make Chris Smalling's loan move from Manchester United permanent and have started talks with the defender over extending his stay in Serie A. (Il Tempo)Liechtenstein international Marcel Buchel is on trial at Roma alongside former Sunderland midfielder Jack Rodwell. The club could sign both midfielders as they look to strengthen a squad that has been decimated by injuries. (Il Messaggero) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller has not held talks with either Manchester United or Inter Milan and, despite his lack of football this season, a January departure from the Bundesliga champions is unlikely. (Sky Germany) Bayern Munich are interested in Athletic Bilbao centre-back Unai Nunez. The 22-year-old, who has previously been linked with Arsenal and Everton, has a buyout clause in his contract worth around &#163;26m. (Spox) FranceHatem Ben Arfa has held talks with Ligue 1 strugglers Nimes as he searches for a new club. The 32-year-old is also being considered by second-tier side Le Harve. (France Bleu)
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. SpainBarcelona have paid rivals Atletico Madrid an extra 15m euros to end their dispute over how the La Liga leaders went about signing Antoine Griezmann. (El Mundo)Real Madrid will shelve plans to sign Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen when the winter transfer window opens unless they're able to part with a host of fringe players. Mariano Diaz and Isco are two names reportedly close to the exit door at the Santiago Bernabeu. (AS)Furthermore, it is believed Los Blancos will attempt to include both Diaz and Isco in any potential deal to bring Eriksen to the Spanish capital. (El Desmarque)Zinedine Zidane wants to stay at Real Madrid forever. The underfire Frenchman, who saw his side humbled by Mallorca over the weekend as they lost top spot, believes he is the right man for now and for the future. (Marca)Tottenham are in talks with Barcelona over the possible signing of Carles Alena on loan. The midfielder has dropped down the pecking order since the arrival of Frenkie de Jong and is eager to get first-team minutes under his belt. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyBayern Munich have lined up Barcelona centre-back Samuel Umtiti with the German champions looking to improve their backline and bring in cover for the injured Nicolas Sule. (Tuttosport)Tottenham are weighing up a move to sign Adrien Rabiot. The French midfielder hasn't managed to force his way into Maurizio Sarri's plans at Juventus following a summer move from Paris Saint-Germain. Spurs are looking for midfield reinforcements with the team struggling this season. (Calciomercato)Summer signing Valentino Lazaro hasn't made the impression he wanted to at Inter. The former Hertha Berlin wing-back had a forgettable 20-minute cameo during the 4-3 win over Sassuolo and Antonio Conte is already eyeing up a replacement in Parma's Matteo Darmian. (Calciomercato)Italy manager Roberto Mancini could add experience to his next Azzurri squad. Gigi Buffon and Daniele De Rossi have both impressed this season for Juventus and Boca Juniors respectively and could get the nod, despite having an average age of close to 39. (Rai Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are keeping a close eye on Kai Havertz's situation with Bayer Leverkusen. The German international has been linked with a &#8364;100million move to Bayern but no deal is in place and he's still up for grabs. Manager Thomas Tuchel is keen to work with his compatriot. (Le10Sport)GermanyBayern aren't going to delve into the transfer market in January to replace Sule. Instead, Niko Kovac is going to put his trust in Jerome Boateng. The Germany international nearly left the club in the summer but the champions instead decided to part with Mats Hummels. (SportBild)
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. Papers: Abramovich turned down Chelsea offerTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsAnd we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.ItalyJuventus are prepared to battle Real Madrid next summer to clinch the signing of Paul Pogba from Manchester United. The French midfielder has informed the Premier League side he will not sign a new contract at Old Trafford. (Gazzetta dello Sport) West Ham and Wolves are interested in AC Milan winger Suso. The Spaniard would cost around &#163;35m and is also on the radars of Fiorentina and Sevilla. (CalcioMercato) Former Sunderland midfielder Jack Rodwell has been offered to Roma as the Serie A club search for a short-term signing to cover their mounting injuries. Former Watford midfielder Valon Behrami is also an option. (Corriere dello Sport)Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis would like to bring Zlatan Ibrahimovic to the Serie A club in January. \"He's a desire of mine rather than a suggestion, but it depends on him and not me,\" De Laurentiis said. (TV Luna)SpainManchester United, Tottenham and Atletico Madrid are all interested in Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Denis Zakaria. The 22-year-old would cost around &#163;35m. (AS)  Barcelona would have to pay &#163;173m to trigger the release clause in Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez's contract. It was previously claimed the Argentine could leave the Serie A giants for around &#163;95m. (Mundo Deportivo) Gus Poyet is the frontrunner to take charge at Leganes, who sit bottom of the La Liga table after nine matches. (Cadena Cope)GermanySchalke goalkeeper Alexander Nubel has turned down offers from Manchester United, Atletico Madrid, Roma and Paris Saint-Germain and is set to join Bayern Munich when his contract expires next summer. (Sport Bild)  Milan Skriniar would be open to a move to a move to Bayern Munich or Borussia Dortmund, but only if he lost his place in the Inter Milan side.He said: \"I would always think if I received an offer [from Bayern or Dortmund] but it would depend more on my situation at Inter. If I were on the bench, it would be hard to say no.\" (Ruhr Nachrichten) FranceParis Saint-Germain are interested in Chelsea right-back Tariq Lamptey and have scouted the 19-year-old throughout the Premier League club's UEFA Youth League campaign. Lamptey is out of contract next summer. (Soccer Link)
The Champions League takes centre-stage this midweek, but there's still a healthy dose of transfer news filling the back pages across Europe. Paper Talk: Mandzukic slashes Man Utd wage demandsTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainReal Madrid are planning a sensational January swoop for Bayern Munich goal machine Robert Lewandowski. The Poland forward has long been linked with a switch to the Santiago Bernabeu and would be the marquee signing Real are desperate for. Los Blancos could sell Mariano Diaz and Brahim Diaz to fund a move for the 31-year-old. (OK Diario)Tottenham have shown an interest in Barcelona's homegrown midfielder Carles Alena, 21. (Mundo Deportivo)And Alena is one of three midfielders Barca are looking to offload in January along with Ivan Rakitic, long linked with Manchester United, and Riqui Puig. (Sport)Real Madrid will hold out for a fee of &#163;30m from Arsenal in order to make Dani Ceballos' loan move into a permanent one. (El Desmarque)Barcelona have denied a &#8364;15m (&#163;13m) payment made to Atletico Madrid was by way of compensation for their approach of Antoine Griezmann. Instead, the Catalans say it was to secure first refusal on five Atleti players. (Sport)Real Madrid have identified Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Unai Simon as a potential successor to Thibaut Courtois. The 22-year-old has impressed Los Blancos, who would have to meet his &#8364;50m (&#163;43m) release clause. (El Desmarque)ItalyManchester City sent a scout to watch Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali on Tuesday. The 19-year-old Italy international midfielder has been likened to Azzurri great Andrea Pirlo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan are eyeing up young Bayern Munich defender Lars Lukas Mai, 19, ahead of his contract expiring next summer. (Calciomercato)Juventus remain interested in Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante, who played under current Bianconeri boss Maurizio Sarri last season. The Premier League side would demand &#163;100m to part with the Frenchman. (Calciomercato) GermanyFormer Liverpool midfielder Dietmar Hamann says he's heard the Reds hold an interest in Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho. (Sky in Germany) Bayern Munich CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge insists the Bavarians will not rush to decide whether or not to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent. \"We will decide when the moment arrives,\" Rummenigge said. \"He doesn't have the attitude of a star. He's a friendly person, popular around the club and we're really happy with the deal we managed to close.\" (Kicker)Jose Mourinho is a candidate to succeed Lucien Favre at Borussia Dortmund, if the under-pressure Swiss tactician is removed from his position. (BILD)Bayern president Uli Hoeness says Bayern will not sign another centre-back in January following Niklas Sule's season-ending ACL injury. (Sport-BILD)Bayern's problems are stacking up with French defender Lucas Hernandez injuring ankle ligaments in Tuesday's 3-2 Champions League win over Olympiacos. Afterwards, sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic confirmed the defender would be out for 'several weeks'. Bayern are unimpressed after the French Football Federation allowed Hernandez to play during the international break. (Sport1)FranceParis Saint-Germain's on-loan striker Mauro Icardi is in no rush to decide his future. The Argentine is surplus to requirements at parent club Internazionale and PSG hold the option to make the switch permanent. \"I am very happy to be in Paris, we will see what will happen at the end of the season,\" Icardi said. (Le10Sport) Kylian Mbappe scored a 22-minute hat-trick after coming off the bench against Club Brugge in the Champions League on Tuesday and afterwards admitted he was not happy at starting on the bench. \"It's true that I wanted to start, I thought I was going to start,\" Mbappe explained. \"The coach has chosen and you have to accept. I wanted to go home and show that it's hard to do without me.\" (RMC Sport)
Jadon Sancho has been dropped and fined by Borussia Dortmund ahead of their clash with top-of-the-table Borussia Monchengladbach. Sky Sports News understands Sancho has been left out of the squad and fined by boss Lucien Favre after reportedly returning back late from international duty with England.The former Manchester City winger featured as a substitute in England's 6-0 thrashing of Bulgaria in Monday's Euro 2020 qualifier which was overshadowed by racist abuse towards England players.The news was first reported by German football magazine Kicker. \"The expectations of Jadon are enormous, but that is dangerous,\" said Favre in his news conference on Thursday.\"Jadon is a great player, no discussions, but he still has a lot to learn.\"It is not the first time Sancho has run into trouble with Dortmund. He was dropped to the Under 23s two seasons ago after repeatedly arriving late for training.Sancho has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs including Manchester City, Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United.Bayern held in BundesligaMeanwhile, Augsburg's Alfred Finnbogason scored a stoppage-time goal to snatch a 2-2 draw against a wasteful Bayern Munich on Saturday and deny them the top spot in the Bundesliga.Bundesliga fixtures | resultsBundesliga tableThe Bavarians had only themselves to blame for failing to win for the second straight matchday, having squandered a bagful of chances and hit the woodwork in what was largely a one-sided affair against their lowly opponents.Augsburg shocked Bayern with a goal after 28 seconds with Marco Richter volleying in from a Rani Khedira header.To make matters worse, central defender Niklas Suele had to be taken off a little later after suffering what looked to be a knee injury. Yet Bayern forward Robert Lewandowski continued his stellar scoring run to bring them level in the 14th minute.He headed in a perfect Serge Gnabry cross for his 12th league goal. He has now scored in each of their eight league games to equal the record set by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang four years ago.Gnabry, who also hit the post late in the first half, curled a superb left-footed low shot past Augsburg keeper Tomas Koubek in the 49th to give Bayern, who travel to Olympiakos in the Champions League next week, the lead.Koubek then made a string of superb saves to deny Kingsley Coman, Lewandowski as well as Philippe Coutinho. Substitute Thomas Mueller could also have sealed their win in the 90th minute but he fired wide from 13 metres.They were punished for it in stoppage time as Finnbogason tapped in from a cutback to earn a point for his team and make it two league matches without a win for the Bavarians.

The focus returns to club football this weekend after the international break and the back pages are chock full of transfer news and more to reflect that. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!FranceParis Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani has rejected an approach from David Beckham's new Major League Soccer franchise Inter Miami after reports he would become one of the former England captain's first big-name signings. (L'Equipe)One club who are still in the hunt for the 32-year-old Uruguayan are Atletico Madrid. They would like to sign PSG's all-time leading scorer on a free transfer when his contract expires. Manchester United, Inter, Juventus and former side Napoli are also on alert. (L'Equipe)Paris Saint-Germain have joined Barcelona, Real Madrid and a host of Premier League clubs in the race to sign Bayer Leverkusen's highly-rated German international Kai Havertz. (Le10Sport)Leeds United have joined Ligue 1 sides Lille and Marseille in the race to sign Al-Sadd's Algerian forward Baghdad Bounedjah. (Le Buteur)SpainLionel Messi has clarified his comments about not wanting a contract for life at Barcelona. It recently emerged the Argentine's deal allows him to leave for free at the end of each season.But the club captain says he has no intention of departing the Nou Camp. \"What I said was that I don't want a contract that binds me,\" Messi said. \"I don't want to be here if I'm not happy. I want to compete, perform and keep fighting for targets, not being here simply due to my contract.\" (Marca)Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has quashed talk he will sell Spanish midfielder Fabian Ruiz to one of La Liga's big two. \"Fabian Ruiz? Leave? As someone wrote, why should I sell him for &#8364;60m if they had offered me &#8364;180m?\" (AS)Teenage talent Pedri has revealed he could have joined Real Madrid before signing for Barcelona. The Las Palmas midfielder, 16, will join the Catalans in the summer and said: \"I had no luck [at Madrid]. I arrived the first day and I could not train for a snowfall, it was a brutal cold.\" (Sport)Italy Inter are concerned Manchester United will thwart their attempts to sign Nemanja Matic by triggering a one-year contract extension in the Serbian midfielder's contract. That would prevent the Nerazzurri agreeing a pre-contract with the 31-year-old in January. (Corriere dello Sport)Inter boss Antonio Conte is desperate to sign a midfielder in January and has made Barcelona's Ivan Rakitic and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic of Lazio his two primary targets. (Calciomercato)Chelsea are interested in Chievo Verona's 19-year-old midfielder Emanuel Vignato. The Italian Under-20 international is also being tracked by Bayern Munich, Milan and Internazionale. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli forward Dries Mertens is hopeful of extending his contract with the Neapolitans but has been linked with moves to China and Borussia Dortmund. His deal expires next summer. (Sky in Italy)Napoli coach Carlo Ancelotti is keeping an eye on Fiorentina midfielder Gaetano Castrovilli. The 22-year-old has spent the last two seasons out on loan with Serie B side Cremonese and has starred for La Viola since the start of the season. (Calciomercato)Bundesliga rivals Borussia Dortmund and Schalke will go head-to-head for Atalanta's German full-back Robin Gosens. (Calciomercato)Germany Bayer Leverkusen are interested in bringing Real Madrid forward Lucas Vazquez to the Bundesliga. He's previously been linked with Arsenal and Milan. (Sport Bild)Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus says Tottenham Hotspur playmaker Christian Eriksen is not of the requisite level to play for his former club. \"For me he is not a player who helps the Bayern. If he's not good enough for Tottenham, he's not good enough for Bayern.\" (Sport1)TurkeyManchester United made an approach for Juventus' Turkish defender Merih Demiral this summer before deciding to sign Harry Maguire from Leicester City in a world-record deal for a defender. (Sporx)
Our friends at <em>Football Whispers</em> have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories... Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkSpainBarcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is considering a move to Juventus or Manchester United, with the 31-year-old having fallen down the pecking order at the Spanish club. The Croatia international has lost his place to Frenkie de Jong in Ernesto Valverde's starting XI. (Marca)After signing Thibaut Courtois and Eden Hazard in recent seasons, Real Madrid are preparing another raid on Chelsea as they hope to add N'Golo Kante to their ranks.The La Liga leaders are prepared to part with &#163;86m and 28-year-old Colombia midfielder James Rodriguez to tempt the Premier League side into selling. (El Desmarque)Barcelona are keeping a close eye on 17-year-old wonderkid Karim Adeyemi. The Red Bull Salzburg forward has been in fine form for the U19s this season and the Austrians are open to selling him if their &#8364;8m valuation is met. (Mundo Deportivo)Philippe Coutinho could still return to Liverpool. With Bayern Munich unsure as to whether to make his loan move from Barcelona permanent - Christian Eriksen is being considered as a cheaper alternative - Coutinho could return to Anfield when the season comes to an end if the Premier League leaders put forward an offer for their former No.10. (AS) GermanyReal Madrid may shelve plans to sign Paul Pogba given the impressive performances of Federico Valverde. The 21-year-old midfielder has struck up an understanding with Eden Hazard and is repaying Zinedine Zidane's faith in him. (Sport1)ItalyIn an attempt to ward off any interest from Barcelona, Inter are working on a new deal for striker Lautaro Martinez. If the 22-year-old, named as a potential successor to Luis Suarez at the Camp Nou, signs the improved contract, his release clause would rise to &#163;96m. (Tuttosport) AC Milan tried to sign Dani Ceballos in the summer but refused to pay the loan fee required to land the Spanish playmaker. The former Real Betis star eventually moved to Arsenal on a season-long loan despite his preferred choice being a move to San Siro. (Calciomercato)FranceReal Madrid have entered the race to sign former Arsenal academy starlet Donyell Malen. The 20-year-old is tearing up the Eredivisie this term and is already being courted by Liverpool and Barcelona. Real are keeping tabs on the &#163;50m-rated forward as they plot their summer moves. (Le10Sport)
Our friends at <em>Football Whispers</em> have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories... Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkGermanyTottenham and Denmark midfielder Christian Eriksen \"is not good enough\" for Bayern Munich, according to club legend Lothar Matthaus. The Spurs midfielder has been linked with a move to Bavaria as a potential replacement for the on-loan Philippe Coutinho. (Sport 1)Spurs and Manchester United are among a number of clubs interested in Borussia Monchengladbach's Denis Zakaria. The 22-year-old midfielder is impressing under new manager Marco Rose and his performances aren't going unnoticed. (Bild)SpainDuring the international break, Paul Pogba met with Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane in Dubai. With Los Blancos still determined to add the World Cup winner to their ranks, talks of a potential move may well have been on the agenda of this opportune meeting. (Marca)The upcoming El Clasico match, set to take place on October 26, could be rescheduled due to civil unrest in the country. Initially, the proposal was to move the game to Madrid, however, a rearranged game in December now looks more likely. (AS)Tottenham Hotspur have identified Real Madrid's Isco as the man to replace Christian Eriksen if the Danish playmaker does depart for the Spanish capital in January. (El Desmarque)ItalyWolves have reignited their interest in AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie. The Premier League side made a late bid to sign the 22-year-old Ivory Coast international during the summer window but failed. The former Atalanta man is still on their wishlist and talks are underway to sign him when the window reopens. (Calciomercato)Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis has spoken out about Lorenzo Insigne's uncertain future after reports emerged claiming the forward was weighing up his options. \"I can't understand him, I don't understand why he is not entirely happy in Naples. He is a great player, I recognise him, but if he thinks his adventure with Naples is over here, then make an effort not to be misunderstood. He is one who has never had a good feeling with the coaches and I have never understood the reasons \". (Tuttosport)FranceReal Madrid want Fabian Ruiz and the player is eager to move to the Santiago Bernabeu. The Spanish playmaker is currently renegotiating his Napoli contract which will see a release clause of below &#8364;100m added to ensure a possibility of a move remains on the table. (Le10Sport)Paris Saint-Germain are looking to add Nice full-back Youcef Atal to their ranks. The versatile right-back has impressed since his move to France last summer and is largely considered to be one of the most exciting talents in Europe. Nice don't want to part with the 23-year-old but a big offer could be hard to refuse. (Le10Sport)
Our friends at <em>Football Whispers</em> have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories... Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkGermanyManchester United will look to sign Toni Kroos from Real Madrid in January with the Spanish outfit hopeful of working Paul Pogba into the negotiations. (BILD)RB Leipzig defender Dayot Upamecano has no plans to extend his contract which expires in the summer of 2021. Arsenal and Milan have been linked with a move for the 20-year-old, who would be available for &#8364;60m (&#163;52m) this summer thanks to a newly activated release clause in his contract. (Kicker)Borussia Dortmund 'keeper Roman Burki has thrown his weight behind under-fire coach Lucien Favre, claiming the club's players must do more. \"The coach is an excellent tactician who always tries to bring a health positivity in the dressing room,\" Burki said. \"He wants to make every single person a little better every day. We are a team, it is up to us players to come together.\" (BILD)SpainTottenham Hotspur could replace Christian Eriksen with Real Madrid outcast Isco. The Dane is wanted by Real in January. (El Desmarque)Bayern Munich will not pay the &#163;105m required to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent which will open the door for Premier League clubs to bring the Brazilian playmaker back to England. (AS)Arsenal have launched an offer for Real Madrid utility man Lucas Vazquez. They had previously been linked with the Spaniard in the summer. (El Desmarque)Villarreal vs Atletico Madrid will become the first LaL iga clash to be played abroad when the two teams meet in Miami in December. Barcelona vs Girona had been touted as a possible fixture to take to the US earlier this year but it was blocked. Now, Villarreal and Atletico have confirmed they will play their round-16 match in the States on December 8. (El Confidencial)ItalyMax Allegri could bring striker Mario Mandzukic and midfielder Emre Can with him from former club Juventus, if he is appointed as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's replacement at Manchester United. (Tuttosport)Internazionale are considering another Premier League raid in January with Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud their target. Antonio Conte wants another striker with Manchester United loanee Alexis Sanchez ruled out with an ankle injury. (Calciomercato)Milan made a record loss of &#8364;146m (&#163;126.6m) in the last financial year, some &#8364;50m (&#163;43.4m) more than they had expected. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot will not be leaving the Bianconeri this winter - despite reports the Frenchman could leave Turin after making just two Serie A starts following his summer switch from Paris Saint-Germain. (Calciomercato)FranceParis Saint-Germain will soon launch contract negotiations with star man Kylian Mbappe. The forward's current deal with the French champions runs until June 2022 but PSG want to ward off interest from Real Madrid. (Paris United)A friend of Edinson Cavani claims the Uruguayan striker has no intention of leaving PSG in January. The 32-year-old is out of contract in the summer and, according to reports, is just one player David Beckham is eyeing up for his new MLS franchise, Inter Miami. (L'Equipe)TurkeyGalatasaray are considering the possibility of ending Mario Lemina's season-long loan in January with the Gabonese struggling to impress in the Turkish Super Lig. (Fotomac)
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. FranceTo keep him in the French capital, Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe an improved, blockbuster contract. This new deal would see his stay in Ligue 1 extended until 2024 and his net salary rise to &#8364;50m per annum. (Le10Sport)Juventus are prepared to part with Adrien Rabiot despite only signing the French midfielder in the summer. Manager Maurizio Sarri wants Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen, and the Serie A leaders could offer Rabiot to Spurs in exchange for the Denmark international. (Le 10 Sport)SpainReal Madrid know Luka Modric isn't going to play forever and have already drawn up a list of potential replacements. Sitting atop that wishlist is Napoli playmaker Fabian Ruiz. The 23-year-old has impressed in Italy since his &#8364;30m move from Real Betis and he's also being watched by Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal. (AS)Giuseppe Rossi has returned to Villarreal to train with the squad as he looks to improve his fitness ahead of a potential January move. The former Yellow Submarine star is a free agent after leaving Genoa in 2018 and wants a return to football. (AS)ItalyAC Milan are considering a January move for Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny. The 27-year-old is currently on loan at Besiktas but the Serie A side could move to land the Egypt international when the window reopens in an attempt to solidify their midfield. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Inter are in the market for a midfielder and a back-up forward in January. After failing to land Edin Dzeko, Antonio Conte is plotting a raid on his former club Chelsea to bring Olivier Giroud to San Siro. The French forward has recently revealed he is frustrated by his lack of playing time at Stamford Bridge. (Calciomercato)Edinson Cavani has offered himself to Juventus. The Uruguayan international's contract expires at the end of the season and despite being in talks with Paris Saint-Germain for some time, a new deal has yet to be agreed upon. The 32-year-old is open to a return to Italy and has reached out to those in Turin. (Calciomercato)
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. GermanyBayern Munich are preparing to battle it out with Real Madrid for the signature of Christian Eriksen. The Spurs playmaker's current deal expires in June and he's free to sign a pre-contract agreement in January. The Bavarian giants see the Denmark international as a cheaper alternative to on-loan Philippe Coutinho and the belief is he would be open to moving to Germany. (Sport 1)Bayern's CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes wantaway forward Thomas Muller will stay beyond the January transfer window, despite the fact the versatile attacker is unhappy about his lack of playing time recently. Rummenigge said Bayern \"do not fear a departure of the 30-year-old in winter.\" (SportBild)SpainBarcelona are already plotting their next big-money move. After failing to land Neymar during the summer transfer window, the recruitment team at Camp Nou are returning to the drawing board. Despite his impressive performances for Liverpool, Roberto Firmino isn't a preferred option. Instead, it's Kylian Mbappe and Harry Kane who top the list of dream signings for the club. (Mundo Deportivo)Manchester United are exploring the possibility of signing Ivan Rakitic when the transfer window reopens in January. Barcelona are open to the idea of letting the 31-year-old Croatia international leave. (Sport)Adding a right-back to their squad is a priority for the reigning La Liga champions. Ernesto Valverde is a fan of the incumbent Nelson Semedo but, beyond him, Barca lack genuine depth in that area with the former Athletic Bilbao coach believing Sergi Roberto is a midfielder. (Marca)Italy The agent of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has not ruled out the 27-year-old Italy international returning to Serie A in the near future. Despite carving out a role for himself in Frank Lampard's XI, the former Napoli man wouldn't be against returning to the Italian league if an opportunity presented itself. (Radio Sportiva)Inter are plotting for life without Samir Handanovic between the sticks. The 35-year-old is still impressive in goal at San Siro but, sooner rather than later, he'll need to be replaced. Udinese's Juan Musso is the favourite but Atalanta's Pierluigi Gollini is also being looked at. (Calciomercato)France France manager Didier Deschamps has revealed Karim Benzema won't be returning to the national team squad, despite his impressive performances for Real Madrid this season. \"It's a sporting decision, I simply think that his selection would not be good for the national team. Thinking about things in terms of what's best for the French national team and what the shirt represents, that's it. I'm not saying it would be bad but just that it's an option I'm not looking at.\" (Le10Sport)Unhappy about his lack of playing time, Chelsea forward Olivier Giroud has refused to criticise manager Frank Lampard. The France international \"cannot accept\" his lack of playing time but is determined to fight for his place in the starting XI. (Le Pelerin)PortugalTottenham Hotspur are set to renew their interest in Sporting Lisbon's Bruno Fernandes when the transfer window reopens in January. The 25-year-old was a summer transfer target for the beaten Champions League finalists while Manchester United also held an interest in the prolific midfielder. (A Bola)
International football takes centre stage this week but across Europe clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.&#160; Our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkPortugalTottenham will renew their efforts to sign Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes in January. The 25-year-old Portugal international was heavily linked with the North Londoners during the summer. (A Bola)SpainReal Madrid president Florentino Perez still dreams of signing Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. Perez does not expect the French World Cup winner to extend his contract - which currently runs until 2022 - and that would enable Real to pounce. (OK Diario)Barcelona are ready to sell midfielder Ivan Rakitic this summer after he fell out of favour at the Camp Nou. Barca rejected an offer from Juventus in the summer but would be willing to reconsider any proposals in January. (AS)Fellow Croatian Luka Modric could be on the move too. Real Madrid are prepared to sell the 34-year-old to the right opponent and PSG are interested in offering Modric one last big contract. (Diario Gol)On-loan Wolverhampton Wanderers defender Jesus Vallejo says Real Madrid suggested moving to England on a temporary basis having previously played in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Frankfurt. \"I talked to Jony and Adama (Traore) and Real Madrid strongly recommended me to come here,\" the 22-year-old explained. (AS)Gareth Bale has reassured Real Madrid he is fine despite picking up a knee injury in Wales' 1-1 draw against Slovakia on Thursday. The 30-year-old is expected to be fit to face team-mate Modric in another European Championships qualifier against Croatia on Sunday. (AS)Spain head coach Roberto Moreno says Barcelona's 16-year-old prodigy Ansu Fati could be part of his squad for next summer's European Championships. \"I'm not ruling out the fact that he could play at Euro 2020. It would be foolish to say that he will not go,\" Moreno admitted. (Marca) ItalyArsenal have opened talks with star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang over a new contract at the Emirates Stadium. The 30-year-old's current deal runs until 2023 but the Gunners are keen to tie the Gabonese down for longer. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Juventus will offer midfielder Miralem Pjanic a new deal in a bid to ward off interested clubs. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City and Manchester United are all reportedly monitoring the 29-year-old. (Calciomercato)Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain head the queue for out-of-favour Juventus midfielder Emre Can. The 25-year-old was left out of the Juve's Champions League squad in the summer and it was believed he wanted to leave Turin as a result. (Calciomercato) Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are keeping tabs on Napoli midfielder Elif Elmas. The 20-year-old moved from Fenerbahce to Naples this summer and has impressed in seven outings for the Partenopei. (Calciomercato)Milan will up their interest in RB Leipzig defender Dayot Upamecano next summer. The powerful French defender was linked with Arsenal in the summer, but the Gunners could not match RBL's asking price. (Calciomercato)Former Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco - another one-time Arsenal target - says he misses Europe 'every day' after leaving Atletico Madrid for Chinese Super League outfit Dalian Yifang in 2018 and would like to return. Milan and Inter are interested. (Calciomercato) GermanyBayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge insists he has no issue with Thomas Muller's unhappiness at a lack of game time and says the German's relationship with the club is fine. \"If Thomas sat contentedly on the bench, he would be in the wrong club,\" Rummenigge said. \"The relationship between Thomas and Bayern is totally intact.\" (Kicker)FranceThe French Football Association are preparing to offer current Les Bleus head coach Didier Deschamps a new contract. The 50-year-old is expected to sign a two-year extension which will take him through to the end of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. (L'Equipe)Guingamp manager Jocelyn Gourvennec is a surprise candidate for the vacant manager's role at Lyon. OL sacked Sylvinho this week after a poor start to the season. Laurent Blanc and Rudi Garcia had been the frontrunners until now. (Le Parisien)Former Monaco and France winger Ludovic Giuly says it is his 'dream' to coach Les Monegasques. The 43-year-old said: \"The dream is to learn here and to go through all the stages and train AS Monaco. Of course it's my dream. It may not be the owner's and I respect because there is someone in place and I do not have the ability to do it yet.\" (Le10Sport)
International football takes centre stage this week but across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.&#160; Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from the continent...Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkSpainReal Madrid are interested in Red Bull Salzburg attacker Erling Haaland, who has stolen the headlines this season with an incredible 18 goals in just 11 games for the Austrian side. Manchester United are also keen on the Leeds-born forward. (AS)Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has revealed Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is the coach he admires most. \"Jurgen Klopp, no doubt. He suffered defeats, but he also won titles - all with the same style. He's very close to his players.\" (Cadena Ser)Simeone also admitted the loss of Lucas Hernandez to Bayern Munich this summer was the exit which hurt him the most, despite seeing Antoine Griezmann, Diego Godin and Juanfran depart the Wanda Metropolitano too. \"Every situation is different. What has hurt us the most is Lucas, because he was ours, from the quarry, like Saul or Koke. Thomas, it's extraordinary because we've been working with him for five years. Lucas was coming that way.\" (AS)Real Madrid will make an attempt to sign out-of-contract Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen in January before his deal expires next summer. (Marca)ItalySerie A strugglers AC Milan are considering moves for Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny and Chelsea outcast Baba Rahman in January. Elneny is on loan at Besiktas, while Rahman is with Mallorca. (Calciomercato)Former Leicester City, Fulham and Chelsea boss Claudio Ranieri will become the new manager of Sampdoria. The 2016 Premier League winner will earn &#163;2m per year and his deal will automatically renew if he keeps the Genoese side up. (Calciomercato)Lazio are targeting Hellas Verona midfielder Sofyan Amrabat in January. The 25-year-old Algeria international is on loan from Club Brugge and Hellas have a permanent option on him. (Sport Mediaset)Real Madrid midfielder Isco will leave the Bernabeu this summer, tired at a lack of first-team opportunities. He has made just three La Liga appearances this season totalling 104 minutes. (Calciomercato) Paris Saint-Germain will look to capitalise on the fact talks between Napoli and their Polish midfielder Piotr Zielinski have stalled with an offer in January. (Calciomercato)Chelsea are keen on PSV Eindhoven's highly-rated Netherlands international Mohamed Ihattaren. The Blues, however, cannot sign anyone until next summer owing to their registration ban. (Calciomercato)FranceNeymar's hopes of re-joining Barcelona are no close to being realised. The Brazilian had told Barca he would withdraw his legal case against them over an unpaid bonus if the Catalans agreed they would re-sign him, but Barca remain reluctant to commit to the 27-year-old at this stage. (Le10Sport) Juventus could include Adrien Rabiot as a makeweight in their attempts to sign Eriksen from Tottenham. The French midfielder has featured sparingly under Maurizio Sarri after leaving PSG for Turin in the summer. (Le10Sport)GermanyBayern Munich have made enquiries about Tottenham's wantaway midfielder Eriksen. The Dane can strike a pre-contract agreement with foreign clubs in January. (Sport1)Norwich City are interested in signing striker Kwasi Okyere Wriedt from Bayern Munich in January. The 25-year-old Ghanaian international has featured just twice at first-team level since joining in 2017 but has been prolific for Die Bayern's second string. (Bild)
Arsene Wenger believes Serge Gnabry chose to leave Arsenal after being \"manipulated behind the scenes\" by Bayern Munich. Gnabry broke into the Arsenal first team under Wenger in 2012 but went on to make only 10 Premier League appearances for the Gunners before leaving to join Werder Bremen in 2016.The winger moved on to Bayern Munich the following season and has since become a key player for the Bundesliga champions, as well as the German national side.Former Gunners manager Wenger insists he wanted Gnabry to remain with Arsenal, but the 24-year-old was tempted to leave the Premier League amid interest from Bayern.\"We tried to extend his contract for a very long time and I think that Bayern manipulated behind the scenes, that if he went to Bremen he would join Bayern after,\" Wenger told beIN SPORTS.\"He was always a very talented boy who lacked confidence in some stages, but we always thought we had a player who could achieve a lot.\"He came back from a very bad experience [on loan] at West Brom where his confidence was destroyed. I tried to rebuild him because I believed in him.\" Gnabry has scored five goals in nine games for Bayern this season, including four in a 7-2 win over Tottenham in the Champions League earlier this month.Wenger admits he was surprised to see the German champions dominate against Arsenal's north London rivals.\"They'd just won 3-0 at Paderborn, you wouldn't expect them to come and put seven goals away at Tottenham,\" he said. \"I think it was one of those nights where everything goes for you and everything against Tottenham.\"Gnabry also scored one and set up another for Germany in their 2-2 draw with Argentina on Wednesday.However, Wenger believes the 24-year-old needs to improve his consistency if he is to be considered one of the world's best players.\"A top-level career is consistency, if you look at the players that dominate our sport it's the ones that show huge consistency and that's what is at stake,\" he said.
International football takes centre stage this week but, across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round-up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid are prepared to pay &#163;25m for Christian Eriksen in January rather than risk the midfielder signing a new contract with Tottenham during the second half of the season. (Marca) Erling Haaland's list of suitors continues to swell with Real Madrid interested in the Red Bull Salzburg striker. The 19-year-old has scored 18 goals in 11 games this term and has been linked with Juventus, Manchester United, Liverpool and several other top sides. (AS) Ivan Rakitic admits he could leave Barcelona in January after losing his place in the starting XI. \"I want the best for Barcelona and I want to fight to make sure I'm ready when the team needs me. But if I see that things don't change, I'll talk to the club.\" (AS) Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz is being monitored by Barcelona and Real Madrid but neither is prepared to pay &#163;70m for the Germany international. (Mundo Deportivo) Germany Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke offered Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp the chance to return to the German club in the summer of 2018. \"I knew Jurgen would [decline] - he will fulfil his contract in Liverpool. But I would not have forgiven myself for not asking him at that moment.\" (Bild)Emre Can is unhappy at Juventus due to his lack of first-team football this season and the club's decision to omit him from their Champions League squad. \"I'm not happy right now,\" he said. \"I haven't had a chance this season but I hope that when I return that will change.\" (Bild)ItalySampdoria are set to appoint Claudio Ranieri as their new head coach. The Italian has been out of work since leaving Roma at the end of last season. (Tuttosport) Dries Mertens and Jose Callejon are set to leave Napoli next summer when their contracts with the Serie A side expire. Both have been offered new deals by the Serie A club but neither have been convinced to sign. (Tuttosport) Mertens will explore the possibility of a move to MLS next summer but the Belgian could have a lucrative offer to join the Chinese Super League in January. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Lautaro Martinez will sign a new contract with Inter Milan despite interest from Barcelona. \"He is very happy at Inter and will soon sign a new contract with the club,\" the striker's agent Beto Yaque said. \"He is not thinking about anything else.\" (CalcioMercato) FranceLaurent Blanc, Rudi Garcia and Santos manager Jorge Sampaoli are all in the running to take over at Lyon, who sacked Sylvinho this week after a wretched start to the campaign. (L'Equipe) 
Thomas Muller will not be allowed to leave Bayern Munich in January, despite him being unhappy with his lack of game time, according to Sky Germany. Reports in Germany had suggested that Muller wants to leave the Allianz Arena in the winter but it is understood that this is an exaggeration.However, the World Cup winner is not happy with his lack of minutes on the pitch this season and both he and his agent will hold talks with the club about the situation.The 30-year-old has made 10 appearances in all competitions for Bayern this season, with half of those coming from the bench. He has scored once.Sky Germany understand that Muller will not be allowed to leave Bavaria as he is considered irreplaceable for Bayern, as a club figurehead, a leader and as backup in three positions for No 10 Philippe Coutinho, striker Robert Lewandowski and out wide - where Kingsley Coman and Serge Gnabry are currently starting.Indeed, it is understood that Bayern would actually like to extend Muller's contract in the summer. His current deal expires on June 30, 2021. Muller has won eight Bundesliga titles, five German Cups and the Champions League with Bayern.He was part of Germany's World Cup winning squad in 2014 but he, Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng were told they would no longer be considered for selection by Joachim Low in March.
The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyManchester United have a verbal agreement with Mario Mandzukic to sign the striker from Juventus in the January transfer window. (Tuttosport) Juventus and Napoli are the latest clubs to show interest in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European sides after a hugely impressive start to the campaign. (Corriere dello Sport) Inter Milan could make an offer for Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic in January. The Serbian's contract expires next summer, although United have the option to extend it for a further year. (FCInterNews)Napoli made an approach for Genk midfielder Sander Berge in the summer, the club's president Peter Croonen has revealed. \"Napoli asked for information,\" he said. \"I think the figures that have been mentioned, around &#163;18-22m, is a fair valuation.\" (Radio Kiss Kiss)SpainTottenham will look to sell Christian Eriksen for &#163;30m in January rather than losing the Dane for nothing when his contract expires next summer. Real Madrid are set to hold talks with the Premier League club in the coming weeks over a winter transfer. (AS) Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga has admitted he would like to end his career with Athletic Bilbao, the club he left to join the Blues in 2018. (AS) Sergio Ramos would like to represent Spain at next year's Olympic Games, which begins just ten days after the 2020 European Championships final. \"I admire Ramos and am delighted he wants to be with us,\" Spain Under-21 Luis de la Fuente coach said. (El Transistor)FranceJose Mourinho has turned down the chance to take over at Lyon as the Portuguese coach is holding out for a Premier League job. (RMC Sport) Lyon have turned their attention to Laurent Blanc and plan to hold talks with the former France and Paris Saint-Germain manager today. (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller had offers from Inter Milan, AC Milan and China in the summer but chose to remain with the Bundesliga giants. However, the Raumdeuter is now prepared to leave the club over a lack of playing time. (Kicker) Schalke will offer Alexander Nubel a &#163;60,000-a-week contract - which will contain a buyout clause - to try to convince the goalkeeper against moving to Bayern Munich when his current deal expires next summer.  (Kicker) Turkey Fenerbahce have held talks with Arsenal in an attempt to sign Mesut Ozil on loan from the Gunners in January. The German star has played just 142 minutes for the Premier League side this season. (Takvim)BelgiumDries Mertens will not be lured away from Europe by a lucrative contract if he leaves Napoli at the end of the season: \"I don't see myself signing for a club in China or Qatar. I hope to play for as long as possible in Europe at the highest level.\" (RBTF) 
Wales winger Rabbi Matondo believes he can emulate former Manchester City team-mate Jadon Sancho and make a big impression in the Bundesliga. Matondo followed England teenager Sancho, who has scored 16 goals in 55 appearances for Borussia Dortmund since he moved in 2017, in swapping the Premier League for Germany when he joined Schalke in an &#163;11m move in January.The 19-year-old scored his first Schalke goal in the 3-1 victory at RB Leipzig last month before he was recalled to Ryan Giggs' Wales squad for the upcoming European Qualifiers against Slovakia and Croatia.\"It's only one goal and it's only my first start of the season,\" said Matondo.\"But hopefully I can get many more minutes this season and contribute with goals and assists and help the team climb the table.\"If I can do as well as he (Sancho) has done so far then I will be really happy.\"He is a great player. I have always known that since being at Manchester City with him how good he can be and how good he will be. Hopefully he can help me as well.\"Jadon didn't make me move to Germany, but of course he is doing so well there and when it came around I thought 'why not'?\"It wasn't that I couldn't see a pathway (at City), I believe in myself. Obviously at Manchester City it is tough - all the players are top players. \"But it was more that I had the opportunity to go and play first-team football and at the time I didn't have that at Manchester City.\"So I preferred to play first-team football so I took the opportunity.\"Matondo, six months younger than Sancho, only turned 19 last month and never made a first-team appearance at City. The winger, who was once labelled the quickest player at City after beating the likes of Kyle Walker, Leroy Sane and Raheem Sterling in speed tests, has only made two starts for Schalke.But he insists his career is heading in the right direction under the guidance of former Huddersfield head coach David Wagner.\"I have still got a lot to improve on and learn but I am happy with how things are going,\" said Matondo, who now has three Wales caps after making his debut last November.\"Hopefully there will be many more minutes for Schalke this season and hopefully that will encourage me to play more for Wales.\"When I was younger I always believed in myself. I always thought: you will be playing at a good level when you are 17, 18, 19.\"That's what I am doing at the moment. We shall see (about the future), but I will give it my all.\"
Bastian Schweinsteiger has announced his retirement from football. The 35-year-old played 121 times and scored 24 goals for Germany after making his debut as a 19-year-old in 2004, and was part of the squad that won the World Cup in 2014.At club level, Schweinsteiger played 500 times for Bayern Munich, where he won eight Bundesliga titles, seven German Cup titles and the Champions League in 2013.The midfielder moved from Bayern Munich to Manchester United in 2015, where he won the FA Cup and the League Cup before signing for Chicago Fire in 2017.In a statement on his Twitter account, Schweinsteiger said: \"Dear fans, the time has now come, and I will be finishing my active career at the end of this season.\"I would to thank both you and my teams FC Bayern, Manchester United, Chicago Fire and the German national team.\"You made this unbelievable time possible for me! And of course, I would like to thank my wife Ana Ivanovic and my family for their support.\"Saying goodbye as an active player makes me feel a little nostalgic, but I am also looking forward to the exciting challenges that await me soon.\"I will remain faithful to football. Many, many thanks for the time we spent together, I will always have a special place for you in my heart! Yours, Basti.\"
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe. ItalyPaul Pogba will not renew his contract at Manchester United. The midfielder's current deal expires in 2021 and he is prepared to force a move away from Old Trafford. (Tuttosport) Juventus are prepared to offer Manchester United Mario Mandzukic and Emre Can in January in exchange for Pogba. (Tuttosport) Zlatan Ibrahimovic has refused to rule out a return to Europe when his LA Galaxy contract expires in December. \"I know I could still make a difference, in Italy and in other countries. I'd do better than the players who are there now. My contract expires in December and I don't know what will happen after that.\" (Sky Italia) Gennaro Gattuso is in talks to take over at Sampdoria after the former midfielder turned down the chance to join Genoa. (Sky Italia) GermanyShkodran Mustafi feels he has become a target for abuse from Arsenal fans. \"I'm self-critical enough to realise I made mistakes; I can deal with tough criticism. But it's escalated and became irrational. I've become a target. At one point, people blamed me for a defeat I had not even played in.\" (Der Spiegel)Mustafi is open to a move away from the Emirates in January. \"The next move is extremely important, it needs to be a positive chapter in my career,\" he says. \"I am open-minded about my future, the Bundesliga is possible.\" (Der Spiegel)Thomas Muller wants to leave Bayern Munich in January after the German star lost his place in Niko Kovac's side to Philippe Coutinho. Muller has been a substitute for Bayern's last five matches. (Bild) Borussia Dortmund are the latest club to show interest in signing Celtic's 16-year-old starlet Karamoko Dembele. The Bundesliga giants would face competition from Arsenal, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain. (Bild) SpainLionel Messi expected Neymar to join Real Madrid after Barcelona failed to re-sign the Brazilian from PSG. \"I felt if Neymar didn't come, he'd go to Madrid. He wanted to leave Paris and I thought Florentino [Perez] and Madrid would do something to sign him.\" (RAC1)  Barcelona are set to open contract talks with Marc-Andre ter Stegen and will offer the German a long-term deal to keep him at the Camp Nou. (Marca) Real Madrid and Barcelona will go head to head in the race to sign Fabian Ruiz from Napoli next summer. The Spain international has also been linked with a move to Liverpool. (Mundo Deportivo) FranceLille have received several offers for striker Victor Osimhen - who only joined the Ligue 1 side in the summer - and the 20-year-old could leave in January if a substantial bid is received. (Le10Sport) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160;&#160; SpainZinedine Zidane still wants Real Madrid to spend big to sign Paul Pogba next summer despite the Manchester United star's disappointing start to the season and the emergence of Federico Valverde. (Marca) James Rodriguez will not join up with Colombia for their friendlies against Chile and Algeria as the Real Madrid midfielder wants to remain in Spain and win over Los Blancos coach Zidane. (Marca) Real Madrid could be without Toni Kross for the Clasico on October 26 after the German limped off against Granada with a muscle injury. The German midfielder had played all but eight minutes of Los Blancos' opening 10 fixtures. (Mundo Deportivo) Espanyol are set to sack David Gallego and will turn to former Girona and Sevilla coach Pablo Machin. (RAC 1) ItalyPaulo Dybala reiterated he never wanted to leave Juventus in the summer after scoring in the Serie A champions' 2-1 win over Inter. \"I've always been clear, my preference was always to stay here,\" said the former Manchester United and Tottenham target. (Rai Sport)AC Milan are likely to sack Marco Giampaolo despite picking up a 2-1 win against Genoa. Luciano Spalletti, Stefano Pioli, Rudi Garcia, Claudio Ranieri and Gennaro Gattuso are the candidates to take charge. (Sky Italia) Ranieri and Pioli are also wanted by Sampdoria and Genoa as the two clubs consider managerial changes during the international break. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund have opted against sacking Lucien Favre during the international break but have identified former RB Leipzig coach Ralf Rangnick as a potential replacement for the Swiss coach. (Bild) Schalke goalkeeper and captain Alexander Nubel has decided to join Bayern Munich next summer when his contract expires. (Bild) France Lyon head coach Sylvinho faces the sack after defeat to St Etienne in the Rhone-Alpes derby compounded their poor start to the season. \"This is not enough,\" Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas said. \"We have to think and (sporting director) Juninho must tell us what he wants to do.\" (L'Equipe) Claude Puel wants to make Hatem Ben Arfa, who is currently a free agent, his first signing at St Etienne. The former Leicester City boss was appointed by Les Verts on Friday. (JDD)Switzerland Xherdan Shaqiri is happy at Liverpool despite his limited playing time at Anfield: \"Apart from the fact I'd like to play more, I'm happy. I have a certain status in the squad because I'm one of the more experienced players. I feel I'm one of the leaders.\" (Schweizer-Illustrierte)
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe. ItalyManchester United have made Massimiliano Allegri their first-choice to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer should the Norwegian be sacked. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter Milan and AC Milan are both interested in Gareth Bale and could make an offer for the Real Madrid winger next summer. (CalcioMercato) AC Milan will hold talks with Stefano Pioli today ahead of the Italian coach replacing Marco Giampaolo at San Siro. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Italy boss Roberto Mancini could attempt to call-up Arsenal's Gabriel Martinelli after it emerged the Brazil-born striker has an Italian passport. \"Martinelli... it's not easy to apply to play for Italy,\" Mancini said. \"So we need to wait for players with two passports.\" (Various) Former Chelsea target Elseid Hysaj, who has lost his place in the Napoli side to Giovanni Di Lorenzo, will leave the Serie A club when his contract expires next summer. \"We won't renew,\" the full-back's agent Mario Giuffredi said. \"Both us and Napoli are aware of that.\" (Radio Punto Nuovo)SpainMauricio Pochettino has rubbished reports he has fallen out with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy after Spurs' poor start to the season. \"People say the relationship [with Levy] has worsened, but that is simply not the case,\" the Spurs manager said. (AS) Gareth Bale is determined to quit Real Madrid next summer as he feels mistreated by Zinedine Zidane. The Welsh star has started every La Liga game this season but was left out of Los Blancos' squad to face Club Brugge in the Champions League. (AS)Real Madrid star Isco may attempt to force a move away from the Bernabeu in January. The midfielder has played just 104 minutes this season and is worried about his lack of playing time ahead of next summer's European Championships where he hopes to be involved with Spain. (El Chiringuito) Karim Benzema is set to sign a new contract with Real Madrid which will keep him at the Bernabeu until 2022. The 31-year-old striker has made a strong start to the season, scoring six goals in nine matches. (El Chiringuito) FranceArsene Wenger is on the list of names drawn up by Lyon to replace Sylvinho, who was sacked by the French club yesterday. The former Arsenal boss is being considered alongside Laurent Blanc. (Le Parisien)Wenger: I've turned down Prem offersParis Saint-Germain want to reward Marco Verratti's impressive start to the campaign with a new long-term contract. The Italian's current deal expires in the summer of 2021 and PSG want to avoid him entering the final 18 months of the agreement. (L'Equipe)GermanyBayer Leverkusen sporting director Simon Rolfes accepts Kai Havertz will leave the Bundesliga club in the near future. \"He is part of the elite of European football and it's clear he has a new challenge in mind for the future. But when he leaves, it will not be a small fee.\" (Sport1) 
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as nine-man Barcelona beat Sevilla 4-0 on Sunday to climb into second place in La Liga behind Real Madrid. The hosts rode their luck in the early stages of the game as Julen Lopetegui's Sevilla made an ambitious start but failed to take their chances while Barcelona were ruthlessly efficient and scored three times in the space of eight first-half minutes.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLuis Suarez gave the champions the lead with an outstanding bicycle kick in the 27th minute and Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal then got a crucial touch on a tame shot from Arthur Melo to double Barcelona's lead in the 32nd minute.Ousmane Dembele, who was named in the starting line-up ahead of Antoine Griezmann, made it 3-0 in the 35th minute with a superb solo dribble and finish.Barcelona captain Messi scored from a free kick in the 78th momite to finally get off the mark in a season which has been blighted by injuries but there was a sour end to the game for Ernesto Valverde's side, who are two points behind Real.Uruguayan defender Ronald Araujo had made his debut by replacing the injured Jean-Clair Todibo but was sent off 14 minutes later for a last-ditch challenge on Javier Hernandez, while Dembele was dismissed for protesting the decision.Atletico Madrid lost ground to La Liga leaders Real Madrid as they were held to a 0-0 draw away to Real Valladolid - their third goalless draw in four games - after the hosts squandered a penalty in the first half.Valladolid striker Sandro Ramirez sent the ball flying over the crossbar from the spot towards the end of a tight first half and came close to breaking the deadlock in the second when his shot shaved the post.Atletico were the better side after the interval and striker Alvaro Morata was denied at point-blank range by Valladolid's goalkeeper Jordi Matip, while substitute Angel Correa hit the post with 10 minutes remaining.Iago Aspas broke his seven-game scoring drought to start the season and gave Celta Vigo a much-needed 1-0 win over Athletic Bibao. Aspas headed in in the 74th-minute winner.Espanyol fell into second-to-last place after losing 2-0 at promoted Mallorca with Ante Budimir and Salva Sevillthe scorers in each half. Getafe were also 2-1 winners against Real Sociedad.Bundesliga - Gladbach go top Borussia Monchengladbach moved top of the Bundesliga with their fourth straight win as they routed Augsburg 5-1 on Sunday.Gladbach surged into a three goal lead in 13 minutes. Marcus Thuram surged forward and cut the ball back for Denis Zakaria (2) before Patrick Herrmann (8) scored in similar fashion - when Alassane Plea pulled the ball back - and the two combined again to make it 3-0 five minutes later.A mistake from Augsburg goalkeeper Tomas Koubek gifted Plea the fourth goal in the 39th minute as he tripped over his own feet as he attempted to control Felix Uduokhai's back pass and couldn't stop a grateful Plea from scoring.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesAugsburg one back in the 81st minute through Florian Niederlechner, who scored the rebound after Sommer saved Fredrik Jensen's effort.But Herrmann set up Breel Embolo for Gladbach's fifth two minutes later. They are now one point ahead of second-place Wolfsburg and two points clear of Bayern Munich.Wout Weghorst's 69th-minute strike was enough for Wolfsburg to defeat promoted Union Berlin 1-0 at home. Wolfsburg remains the only unbeaten team in the league, while Union dropped to the relegation zone.Eintracht Frankfurt were also held to a 2-2 draw at home by Werder Bremen. Andre Silva thought he had scored Frankfurt's winning goal in the 88th minute, but the visitors had time to equalise with Milot Rashica's converted penalty.Serie A - Napoli held to goalless draw Napoli lost ground on the Serie A leaders as they were held to a goalless draw at Torino. In a game of few clear chances, Napoli substitute Fernando Llorente probably wasted the best, late in the game.Carlo Ancelotti's men are fourth in the table with 13 points from seven games while Torino are ninth.Juventus beat Inter Milan 2-1 to leapfrog their opponents to the top of Serie A by a point. Gonzalo Higuain scored an 80th minute winner at the San Siro. Atalanta marked their first match in their newly renovated stadium with a dominant 3-1 victory over Lecce. Duvan Zapata and Alejandro \"Papu\" Gomez gave Atalanta a comfortable half-time lead, which was extended by Robin Gosens, shortly after the interval.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesIt would have been more but for the heroics of Lecce goalkeeper Gabriel. Lecce defender Fabio Lucioni netted a consolation late on for his first Serie A goal.Bologna and Lazio played out an eventful 2-2 draw that saw two red cards and a missed penalty. All the goals were scored in the first half with Italy forward Ciro Immobile equalising twice for Lazio.Immobile had already been substituted when Lazio was awarded a late penalty after Francesco Acerbi was tripped by Rodrigo Palacio, but Joaquin Correa fired his spot kick onto the crossbar.Lazio midfielder Lucas Leiva was sent off in the 59th minute and Bologna counterpart Gary Medel followed him 10 minutes later.Roma also drew, 1-1 at home to Cagliari, while Fiorentina beat Udinese 1-0.Ligue 1 - Puel wins first St Etienne gameSecond-half substitute Robert Beric struck late to give St Etienne a 1-0 home win against bitter rivals Lyon in Claude Puel's first game in charge.Beric found the back of the net in the final minute to lift St Etienne up to 13th in the standings, two points and one spot ahead of Lyon, whose winless streak in the league stretched to seven games.Lyon finished the game with 10 men after defender Leo Dubois limped off the pitch 10 minutes from time with coach Sylvinho having already made his three substitutions.Lille also drew 2-2 with Nantes earlier in the day while a 49th minute Boulaye Dia handed Reims a 1-0 win against Rennes.
Eden Hazard scored his first goal in a Real Madrid shirt as they went four points clear at the top of La Liga with a 4-2 win over second-placed Granada.  Hazard scored on the stroke of half-time to double Real's lead after Karim Benzema's opener inside two minutes. Luka Modric then smashed in a third from outside the box.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableBut Granada, this season's surprise package in La Liga, pulled two goals back. Real 'keeper Alphonse Areola, in for the ill Thibaut Courtois, blundered over a back-pass eight minutes later and bundled over Alvaro Vadillo, with Darwin Machis making no mistake from the spot.Domingos Duarte then made it 3-2 when he netted at the far post, but James Rodriguez scored in stoppage-time as Real repelled the comeback and continued their unbeaten start.Also on Saturday, Leganes stayed bottom of the table after losing 2-1 to Levante, while Valencia are now eighth following a 2-1 win over Alaves. In the late game, Osasuna came from behind to beat Villarreal 2-1, putting both teams on 11 points.Bundesliga: Bayern Munich suffer shock home defeatBayern Munich were defeated 2-1 at the Allianz Arena by Hoffenheim just four days after beating Tottenham 7-2 in London. Sargis Adamyan's double either side of Robert Lewandowski's equaliser was enough to secure a famous victory for Hoffenheim and subject the German champions to their first defeat of the season.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesSerge Gnabry, who scored four against Spurs, had the ball in the net but the goal was ruled out for offside.The defeat was Bayern's first at home in all competitions since March and their first in the league for a year, but they remain top after both Freiburg and Schalke failed to take advantage.Freiburg drew 2-2 with Dortmund, while Schalke conceded a late equaliser in a 1-1 draw with Cologne. Elsewhere, Paderborn lost 2-1 to Mainz and Bayer Leverkusen drew 1-1 with RB Leipzig.Ligue 1: Neymar scores again in PSG win Neymar continued on his road to redemption with Paris Saint-Germain fans with another stoppage-time goal, this one sealing an emphatic victory as the French champions romped to a 4-0 win over Angers.Ligue 1 tableLigue 1 fixturesPablo Sarabia opened the scoring after 13 minutes, before assisting goals for Mauro Icardi and Idrissa Gueye either side of half-time.Neymar was booked for handball 10 minutes from time, but made amends with his late goal.Montpellier moved to sixth place with a 3-1 win over Monaco, who played with 10 men from the 81st as Russian midfielder Aleksandr Golovin was sent off for a second yellow card. Also, Bordeaux beat Toulouse 3-1, Dijon edged Strasbourg 1-0 and Brest defeated Metz 2-0.Serie A: Four red cards and saved penalty in Milan winGoalkeeper Pepe Reina pulled off a superb penalty save in stoppage time to make up for an earlier mistake as misfiring AC Milan hung on for a gritty 2-1 win over Genoa in a thrilling Serie A game that saw four red cards.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesWith just two wins and four goals in their opening six league games, Milan suffered a further blow before kick-off when goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma was forced to withdraw due to a stomach bug, with Reina deputising between the posts.Genoa had problems of their own when captain Domenico Criscito was carried off on a stretcher with a hamstring injury after 10 minutes and he was replaced by Davide Biraschi.Both understudies went on to struggle and a Reina howler gifted Genoa the lead when he completely misjudged Lasse Schone's first-half free-kick, allowing it to fly past him into the net. Genoa had substitute Riccardo Sapponara sent off by the referee just before half-time and Milan's luck turned after the break as Theo Hernandez scored, exploiting a quick free-kick to equalise from a very tight angle.Five minutes later, Genoa's Biraschi was sent off for handling the ball in the penalty area and Franck Kessie stepped up to stroke home the spot-kick and put his team into the lead.Davide Calabria collected his second yellow for Milan in the 79th minute and Reina then upended Christian Kouame to concede a late penalty but he redeemed himself by steering Schone's spot-kick away for a corner.Milan substitute Samu Castillejo was sent off from the bench before the game finally ended in a win for the visitors.Earlier, there were home wins for SPAL, who beat Parma 1-0 despite having Gabriel Strefezza sent off, and Verona, who scored a 2-0 victory over bottom side Sampdoria.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has called Hans-Joachim Watzke a \"clown\" after the Borussia Dortmund chief executive suggested he only moved to Arsenal for money. Aubameyang scored 98 league goals in 144 appearances for Dortmund but joined Arsenal for a then-club-record fee, understood to be &#163;60m, in January 2018 after various disciplinary clashes with the German side.Watzke also appeared to take a thinly-veiled dig at the 30-year-old for turning out in the Europa League with Arsenal instead of the Champions League.As per various reports, Watzke told Suddeutsche Zeitung: \"Of course it is hard to keep a player in the face of such sums. Some go to clubs because of this money, where they have not played Champions League for years.\"Aubameyang, who plays great at Arsenal, will probably be warm-hearted when he looks at his bank account, but on Wednesdays will be saddened when he has to watch the Champions League on television.\"However, Aubameyang, who has scored 49 goals for Arsenal since joining the club, hit back on social media, labelling Watzke a hypocrite over Dortmund's sale of Ousmane Dembele to Barcelona in 2017. \"Better for you I never talk about why I really left Dortmund Mr Watzke, you such a clown,\" he tweeted.\"I remember that time you said we never going to sell Ousmane then you saw more than 100M, you were the first to take that money. Don't talk about money please!!! Leave me alone pls.\"
\"You could knock me over with a feather. He's really fulfilled his potential,\" said former West Brom boss Tony Pulis on Sky Sports when told about Serge Gnabry's four goals in Bayern Munich's 7-2 humiliation of Tottenham in the Champions League.  The comments were strikingly different from the those made by Pulis back in 2015 when he had Gnabry on loan at West Brom from Arsenal.Gnabry hits four as Bayern beat Spurs 7-2Champions League scores and resultsChampions League Group stage tables | Fixtures\"Serge has come here to play games but he just hasn't been for me, at the moment, at that level to play the games,\" Pulis said. Shortly afterwards the German was sent back to Arsenal, who sold him on to Werder Bremen for just &#163;4m in 2016.Since then the 24-year-old has been on a rapid rise, culminating in a sensational return to north London with Bayern Munich.From Arsenal and West Brom struggler to Champions League record-breaker, we look at the rise of Serge Gnabry Arsenal's 'great hope'Gnabry joined Arsenal as a 16-year-old from hometown club VfB Stuttgart in 2011 for a fee in the region of &#163;100,000.He was a player Arsene Wenger always had high hopes for. \"Serge Gnabry is a great hope for the future. I rate him highly. If he continues his development, I think he could play in the first team this season,\" the Frenchman said after signing the German forward back in 2011. \"At the moment, he needs to work and ensure he remains fit.\"That was always a problem for Gnabry at Arsenal.He burst onto the scene in just his second year in north London, making his first-team debut at 17 in September 2012, replacing Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain for the final 18 minutes of the Gunners' League Cup tie with Coventry. A month later he became Arsenal's second-youngest Premier League player behind Jack Wilshere and just four days later he made his Champions League debut for the Gunners, but his real breakthrough came in the following season as he played 14 times for the club in all competitions before a knee injury sustained against Bayern Munich cut his season short.The injury also ruled him out of the entire 2014/15 campaign, but Wenger refused to give up on his \"great hope\". 'Not at the level for West Brom'\"We signed Serge Gnabry because I believe that he will be a great player. He's nearly there now, and competes for a regular place in the team in the Premier League. He's a powerful offensive player and I believe that he will be a great player for Arsenal Football Club.\"Despite the injury set-back, Wenger still believed in Gnabry, who signed a new long-term contract with the club in October 2013. He returned to full fitness for the start of the 2015/16 season and Arsenal sent him out on loan to West Brom in a bid to get him some more first-team experience.\"I'm very delighted by the move,\" Gnabry said on his arrival at the Hawthorns. \"We're delighted to add Serge to our options,\" said Baggies boss Tony Pulis. \"He is a top player and he will bring us quality in certain areas of the pitch.\"It looked like a good move for all parties, but what transpired was anything but.Gnabry's spell at the Hawthorns consisted of just 12 minutes of Premier League football under Pulis, who sent the German winger back to Arsenal after just six months. \"Serge has come here to play games but he just hasn't been for me, at the moment, at that level to play the games,\" Pulis told the Express and Star newspaper in October 2015.\"He's come from academy football and not played much league football - does academy football really prepare players for league football? And we're talking about Premier League football here. As a manager you pick a team that's going to win a game of football. You pick your best team - you don't leave people out because you don't like them, because of this, that and the other.\"Three months later and Gnabry was back at Arsenal. Move to Werder Bremen Gnabry returned to Arsenal in the summer of 2016 with an Olympic silver medal after becoming the tournament's joint-top scorer at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.The Gunners got straight to work on a new deal for the youngster with Wenger urging him to stay at the Emirates Stadium, but Gnabry needed a change.\"We didn't want to get rid of Gnabry, we wanted to keep him,\" Wenger said. \"But he was in the last year of his contract. We were close to extending his contract but finally he changed his mind and went to Werder Bremen. But I think we taught him a lot and I think if you ask him he would agree with that.\" Gnabry moved back to Germany with Werder Bremen and it proved to be the right decision. As a regular starter, Gnabry started to fulfil the promise Wenger had talked about for so long. He scored 11 goals in 27 league games for Alexander Nouri's side, helping them to an eighth-place finish in the Bundesliga.His form helped earn him a Germany call-up from Joachim Low and he scored a hat-trick on his senior international debut against San Marino.But it wasn't just Germany that came calling. With interest from some of Germany's top clubs building, Gnabry activated a clause in his contract which allowed him to leave Werder Bremen less than 12 months after he joinedBayern Munich wasted no time in securing his signature for just &#8364;8m, tying him down to a three-year deal at the Allianz Arena. Fit and firing at BayernGnabry's career at Bayern did not start straight away, with the forward immediately sent out on a season-long loan to Hoffenheim to gain more first-team experience. But unlike his time at West Brom, this loan spell was a huge success. He made 22 league appearances in the 2017/18 campaign, scoring 10 goals as Hoffenheim secured Champions League football for the first time in the club's history with a third-place finish.He returned to Bayern in the summer of 2018 ready to deliver on the biggest stage. \"I wouldn't be sat here if I wasn't ready for the challenge,\" Gnabry said speaking alongside the then-new head coach Niko Kovac at his first press conference as a Bayern player. \"I think the best way to see what I can do is just by watching me. I really enjoyed the second half of the season with Hoffenheim because I played as much as possible. Now I'm ready to bring that feeling to Munich.\"And how right he was.Gnabry's career has flourished ever since. In his first season at the Allianz Arena he won his first Bundesliga title as Bayern finished two points above Borussia Dortmund. He finished the season as Bayern's second top scorer with 10 goals in 30 matches behind Robert Lewandowski and continued to impress on the international stage with Germany. He now has nine goals in 10 games for Low's side, the last of which came against Northern Ireland last month. The return to north London And then there was Tuesday night at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.He showed everybody what English football was missing when he became only the second German to score four or more goals in a Champions League match alongside former Bayern forward Mario Gomez.Wenger knew though, didn't he? \"He has technical ability, he has power, he has pace, he has finishing quality and he can give a final ball,\" the Frenchman said describing Gnabry back in 2013.On his first return to north London since leaving Arsenal, Gnabry had Wenger's words ringing in his ears as he produced a display of scintillating speed, sublime skill and clinical finishing to score four second-half goals as Bayern hit seven past Spurs.He received plaudit after plaudit for his performance, but the endorsement from former boss Pulis might have pleased him more than any other. \"I'm amazed [to see him perform so well on the European stage],\" Pulis told Sky Sports. \"I had him at West Brom, we took him on loan and we could never get him fit - he even got taken off in an U21 game. He went back to Arsenal, they sold him on. He was a good kid, a nice kid.\"He's really fulfilled his potential,\" he added. \"You could knock me over with a feather. Having worked with him at West Brom and seeing him there - what he's done is absolutely amazing. When people show what they can do and really knuckle down and become so good - as he's done - it's absolutely fantastic.\"
Catch up on the back pages from around Europe, including a new rival for Arsenal in the race to sign Donyell Malen. The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyArsenal face competition from AC Milan in the race to sign PSV star Donyell Malen. The Dutch international - who spent two years in the Gunners academy - has scored 14 goals in 17 matches this season. (Tuttosport) Chelsea and Arsenal have scouted Anderlecht youngster Jeremy Doku. The 17-year-old winger has already made 14 senior appearances for the Belgian club. (CalcioMercato) Juventus remain interested in Mauro Icardi and could make a move for the striker, who is on loan from Inter at Paris Saint-Germain this season, in the summer of 2020. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Eusebio Di Francesco is set to be sacked by Sampdoria after I Blucerchiati suffered a 2-0 defeat to Hellas Verona. \"We're a little stunned by what we've seen,\" Samp president Massimo Ferrero said after the defeat. (Sky Italia) Gennaro Gattuso could return to AC Milan but only if Paolo Maldini leaves his role as technical director. Gattuso was sacked by the Rossoneri in the summer but may take over from Marco Giampaolo after a poor start to the season. (Corriere dello Sport) SpainVillarreal are set to offer winger Samuel Chukwueze a new long-term contract. The 20-year-old broke into the Yellow Submarine's first team last season and was linked with a move to Liverpool. (Marca)Real Madrid could launch a bid for Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes in January. The Portugal international was linked with Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur in the summer. (El Desmarque)  After he scored his first Real Madrid goal against Granada, Eden Hazard accepted he was already under pressure at the Bernabeu. \"People are talking, I've heard many things,\" he said. \"It was important to get that goal. I wanted to do something special.\" (AS) FranceJuventus are interested in Angers left-back Rayan Ait-Nouri and could make a move for the 18-year-old when the transfer window reopens in January. They will face competition from Paris Saint-Germain, however. (L'Equipe) Strasbourg full-back Kenny Lala has revealed Fiorentina tried to sign him in the summer. \"There was a concrete offer and I gave the green light,\" he explained. \"So it was then up to both clubs to agree but that did not happen.\" (France Football) GermanyIlkay Gundogan has revealed he held talks with Bayern Munich during Pep Guardiola's time in Bavaria. \"I can say openly there were talks with Bayern Munich once, but it didn't happen for different reasons. And now I'm very happy at Manchester City.\" (S&#252;ddeutsche Zeitung)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid will make a bid for Tottenham star Christian Eriksen in January and could offer Luka Modric to Spurs as part of a deal for the Dane. (El Desmarque) Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea and agent Jorge Mendes are exploring the possibility of becoming owners of Spanish second-tier side Elche. (Cope Elche) Barcelona have not contacted River Plate manager Marcelo Gallardo about taking over at the Camp Nou mid-season if Ernesto Valverde is sacked. (Sport) Real Madrid will not look to cut short Martin &#216;degaard's loan at Real Sociedad in January. Los Blancos will assess whether to bring the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (Marca) Ajax full-back Nicolas Tagliafico turned down the opportunity to join Atletico Madrid this summer: \"I did not want to push the situation between me and Ajax so I decided to stay another year. We shall see next summer.\" (Cadena Cope)Victor Valdes could leave his position as coach of Barcelona's Juvenil A side after a falling out with Barca academy director Patrick Kluivert. (Catalunya Radio) ItalySpurs star Heung-Min Son's agent has talked up a future move to Napoli. \"Why not? Never say never in football,\" Thies Bliemeister said. \"Son likes Italy, the food, the people. It's not easy to take him from Tottenham, he costs a lot. But, one day, who knows?\" (Radio Marte) Takumi Minamino is the latest Red Bull Salzburg player to be linked with a move to Liverpool. The Reds are also reportedly interested in striker Erling Haaland and 18-year-old Dominik Szoboszlai. (CalcioMercato) Willian will be offered a new contract by Chelsea as the Blues do not want to lose the Brazilian next summer for nothing. (CalcioMercato) Carlo Ancelotti could leave Napoli at the end of the season if the club fail to mount a Serie A title challenge or struggle in the Champions League knockout stages. (Corriere dello Sport)Chelsea full-back Davide Zappacosta's loan spell at Roma could be cut short in January after he suffered an ACL injury in training. The Italy international may miss up to five months of football. (Various) Luciano Spalletti will not take over at AC Milan if the club part company with Marco Giampaolo. \"It's rubbish,\" he said. \"Let Giampaolo work, he is the rising star of Italian coaching.\" (Top Calcio 24)Sampdoria will turn to Claudio Ranieri or Stefano Pioli if they decide to sack Eusebio Di Francesco after Saturday's fixture against Verona. (Il Secolo XIX) FranceLaurent Koscielny has revealed why he forced a move away from Arsenal this summer. \"The Premier League requires a lot, physically and mentally,\" the Bordeaux defender said. \"I didn't feel I could play 40-50 matches and I didn't want to end with injuries. I've gone down a level, but take more pleasure. I can only say that I left with my head held high.\" (L'Equipe) Tiemoue Bakayoko, who returned to Monaco this summer on loan from Chelsea, has opened up on his struggles at Stamford Bridge. \"There are things that aren't explainable, things that will stay between me and the club. It didn't click. There's a bit of a disappointment but sometimes that happens. You just need to carry on.\" (Canal+)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.&#160; And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across EuropeSpainChelsea star N'Golo Kante is among the list of midfielders Real Madrid will target to strengthen their squad next summer. Tottenham's Christian Eriksen, Manchester United's Paul Pogba and Ajax's Donny van de Beek are also options. (Sport) With Thibaut Courtois yet to convince at Real Madrid following his move from Chelsea in 2018, Los Blancos president Florentino Perez will consider triggering Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak's &#163;107m buyout clause next summer. (El Desmarque) Martin Odegaard does not plan to cut short his two-year loan at Real Sociedad. Manchester United have been linked with the 20-year-old while Real Madrid have considered bringing the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (ESPN Deportes) Barcelona were interested in Inter Milan centre-back Stefan de Vrij in the summer and would have made a move for the Holland international if Samuel Umtiti had left the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo) Achraf Hakimi hopes to return to Real Madrid next summer when his two-year loan at Borussia Dortmund comes to an end. \"At the moment I'm at a very good level, so I think I could play for Real Madrid. But at the end of the season, I'll tell you if I am prepared.\" (AS) ItalyManchester United, Juventus and Inter Milan will all make approaches for Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic in January. The 31-year-old would be available for around &#163;50m. (CalcioMercato)  Inter Milan will launch another bid for Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The Serie A leaders will use funds raised by the sale of Gabriel Barbosa to Flamengo. (Tuttosport) Hatem Ben Arfa, currently a free agent having left Rennes at the end of last season, has been offered the chance to sign with Fiorentina until the end of the season. (Tuttosport)AC Milan head coach Marco Giampaolo will not resign despite the Rossoneri making their worst start to a Serie A season in 81 years. He said: \"Resigning? Never. Leaving would mean giving up and we never give up.\" (Le Iene) FranceBarcelona and Paris Saint-Germain could strike a swap deal next summer which sees Antoine Griezmann head to the French capital and Neymar return to the Nou Camp. (Le10Sport)  Claude Puel is expected to be named new head coach of St Etienne and his first match in charge will be the Rhone derby against former club Lyon on Sunday. (RMC) 

Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160; Italy Christian Eriksen has turned down another contract offer from Tottenham and hopes to secure a move to Juventus, Real Madrid or Manchester United when his current deal expires next summer. (CalcioMercato) Lionel Messi would like Barcelona to make a move for Inter Milan forward and Argentine compatriot Lautaro Martinez. (Corriere dello Sport) Barcelona scouts used their Champions League clash with Inter Milan to run their eye over Nerazzurri trio Milan Skriniar, Stefano Sensi and Martinez. (CalcioMercato) Liverpool are the latest English club to be linked with Red Bull Salzburg midfielder Dominik Szoboszlai. The 18-year-old featured against the Reds in the Champions League on Wednesday and has also been linked with Arsenal. (CalcioMercato) SpainBarcelona have added Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Amer Gojak to their list of potential transfer targets. Scouts from the Liga club were at the Etihad Stadium on Tuesday to watch Dani Olmo and the 22-year-old Bosnian. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid plan to improve their midfield in the January transfer window and have a shortlist that includes Christian Eriksen, Donny van de Beek and Rennes' 16-year-old Eduardo Camavinga. (Marca) Los Blancos will look to offload Mariano Diaz in the winter transfer window and will also look to loan out former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz. (Marca) GermanyBayern Munich expect Manchester City winger Leroy Sane to be available at reduced price next summer as the Germany international will have just one year remaining on his contract. (Sport Bild) Werder Bremen coach Florian Kohfeldt has ruled out leaving the club this season after he was named as a potential replacement for Lucien Favre at Borussia Dortmund. (Bild) FranceParis Saint-Germain will offer Marquinhos a contract extension. The versatile Brazilian has become a vital component of Thomas Tuchel's midfield and the Ligue 1 side want to keep him at the club until 2023. (Le10Sport) HollandAjax midfielder Donny van de Beek has ruled out leaving the Dutch club in the January transfer window. \"I will end the year with Ajax,\" he said. \"Maybe at one point in my career I would change clubs in the winter, but currently I won't do that.\" (Voetbal International) BelgiumDries Mertens could leave Napoli when his contract expires next summer: \"At the end of this year I'll assess whether to renew my contract with the Azzurri or not,\" he said. \"It's still too early. I'm not in a position to rule anything out.\" (Sport/Voetbalmagazine)
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160; SpainArsenal and Manchester City are both interested in Martin Odegaard and could make an offer next summer. Odegaard has quickly impressed on a two-year loan at Real Sociedad from Real Madrid, who would demand around &#163;55m for the Norwegian. (Eldesmarque)Barcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and could offer the Brazilian a contract in January when his deal with the Blues will have only six months to run. (Mundo Deportivo) Liverpool, Tottenham, Bayer Leverkusen, Valencia, AC Milan and Atletico Madrid were all interested in Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Dani Olmo this summer but were put off a transfer by the club's &#163;35m valuation. (Marca) Former Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was whistled by Real Madrid fans and then brought off at half time of Los Blancos' 2-2 Champions League draw with Club Brugge. The goalkeeper was supposedly withdrawn at the break due to stomach problems. (Marca)Real Madrid will send several scouts to watch Ajax trio Donny van de Beek, Hakim Ziyech and David Neres. The Liga giants were linked with Van de Beek in the summer as an alternative to Paul Pogba. (AS) Qatari club Al Rayyan have held talks with Diego Costa over a potential transfer next summer. The striker has struggled since returning to Atletico Madrid from Chelsea in 2018 and has scored just six La Liga goals. (AS) ItalyMassimiliano Allegri will not break his year-long sabbatical to take over at either Tottenham or AC Milan. The Italian coach, who is believed to be learning English, has been out of work since the summer after he left Juventus. (Corriere dello Sport)Former Italy international Claudio Marchisio is expected to announce his retirement from football. The midfielder had been in talks with Rangers and Monaco, and clubs in China, but has decided to hang up his boots. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Andriy Shevchenko has not been offered the opportunity to replace Marco Giampaolo by AC Milan. \"I love Milan but the club has not contacted me,\" the former striker said. \"On a professional level I'm not thinking about Milan right now.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport) Barcelona have also added AC Milan striker Krzysztof Piatek to their growing list of potential long-term Luis Suarez replacements. The Poland international only joined the Rossoneri in January from Genoa after a goal-laden start to life in Serie A. (Calciomercato)FranceManchester United will continue to monitor the form of Lyon striker Moussa Dembele this season ahead of a move for the French striker next summer. The 23-year-old has become a priority for the Premier League side. (Le10Sport) Chelsea are interested in 18-year-old Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile and could make an offer for the centre-back when their registration ban comes to an end next summer. (Le10Sport) Former Leicester manager Claude Puel is expected to take charge of St Etienne and wants former Foxes assistant Jacky Bonnevay to join him at the Ligue 1 side. (Le Progres) GermanyBayern Munich were offered the chance to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City this summer but the Bundesliga club opted not to pursue a deal for the Brazilian and instead focused on Leroy Sane. (Sport Bild) The Bavarians hope to sign Sane next summer and will also move for Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Kai Havertz. If Bayern are unable to land Havertz they will look to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent. (Sport Bild) 
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals. Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.GermanyJadon Sancho will not remain at Borussia Dortmund for the duration of his five-year contract, BVB sporting director Michael Zorc has confirmed. \"No decision has been made [on a transfer next summer]. But you don't have to be a prophet to say Jadon won't play here for five more years.\" (Kicker)SpainEden Hazard is not viewed as a leader on or off the pitch by senior members of the Real Madrid dressing room. Injury has disrupted the Belgian's start to life at the Bernabeu and he's yet to score or assist for the La Liga club. (El Chiringuito)Senior players at Barcelona are unsure why the club didn't have an alternative to Neymar lined up once it became clear Paris Saint-Germain were not going to sell the Brazilian in the summer. (Sport)Barcelona's 16-year-old winger Ansu Fati has been included by Spain head coach Robert Moreno on the preliminary squad list for Euro 2020 qualifiers against Sweden and Norway next month. (Cadena SER)ItalyJose Mourinho doesn't expect to make a return to Italian football. \"I haven't worked for almost eight months so we'll see what happens, but I don't think I'll come back to work in Italy. It's a feeling... I don't think my future will be in Italy.\" (Tiki Taka)  Claudio Ranieri believes Massimiliano Allegri, who has been linked with Tottenham and Manchester United, would be suited to coaching in England. \"Massimiliano would have no problems understanding the mentality of English football,\" he said. (Radio Anch'io Sport)Ranieri could soon make a return to the touchline as the 67-year-old is on AC Milan's shortlist to replace Marco Giampaolo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)The Rossoneri have also held talks with club legend Andriy Shevchenko over a return to San Siro. The former striker, who scored 175 goals for Milan, is currently in charge of the Ukraine national team. (TuttoMercatoWeb)Genoa have held talks with Gennaro Gattuso as they look to replace the under-pressure Aurelio Andreazzoli. (Sky Italia) France Edinson Cavani is ready to leave Paris Saint-Germain next summer when his contract expires. The Ligue 1 champions have yet to hold talks with the striker over a new deal and he's been linked with David Beckham's MLS franchise Inter Miami. (L'Equipe) HollandAjax are set to offer midfielder Donny van de Beek a new contract. The 22-year-old was courted by Real Madrid in the summer as an alternative to Paul Pogba and Los Blancos could return for the Dutch international even if he does sign a new deal. (Voetbal International)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.&#160; Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.ItalyArsene Wenger is the latest name being considered by AC Milan to replace the under-pressure Marco Giampaolo. The Rossoneri have made a poor start to their campaign and sit 16th after six matches. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus have added Chelsea winger Willian to their shortlist of potential targets for the summer of 2020. As things stand, the Brazilian will become a free agent at the end of the current campaign. (Tuttosport) Manchester United could make an offer for Tottenham Hotspur defender Toby Alderweireld in January. The Belgian's contract expires at the end of the season and could be sold for a cut-price fee in the winter window. (Tuttosport) United will face competition to sign Mario Mandzukic from Juventus in January as MLS side Los Angeles FC are also interested in the 33-year-old striker. (Calciomercato) SpainEspanyol could turn to former Watford head coach Javi Gracia if the club decide to sack David Gallego, whose side have just one win from seven La Liga matches this term. (Sport)  Real Madrid may opt to end Martin Odegaard's two-year loan move to Real Sociedad next summer and incorporate him into the first-team squad ahead of the 2020/21 campaign. The 20-year-old has produced a number of impressive displays for La Real this term. (AS) Barcelona are unhappy with midfielder Arthur after the midfielder was pictured on a night out with Neymar, who is suing the La Liga champions over an unpaid loyalty bonus of &#163;23m. (Marca) France Monaco are prepared to take up their option to sign Leicester City loanee Islam Slimani on a permanent basis. The striker has four goals and four assists in five matches and it will cost the Ligue 1 side around &#163;9m to make his move permanent. (France Football)  GermanyBayern Munich centre-back Niklas Sule has revealed he would like to play in the Premier League. \"This is one of the leagues in which I really want to play,\" Sule, who was linked with Chelsea before his move to Bayern, explained. (Spox) Russia Crystal Palace could make an offer for Fedor Chalov next year after they failed to sign the CSKA Moscow forward in the summer. \"I talked with Roy Hodgson and he really likes the player,\" agent Sandor Varga said. \"I don't want to exclude the possibility of another move for him next summer.\" (Championat)
Mario Balotelli scored his first goal for Brescia, but it was not enough to prevent his new side from going down to a 2-1 defeat at Napoli in Serie A on Sunday. Three years on from his last goal in the Italian top flight, Balotelli carried Pia, his six-year-old daughter, onto the field with him.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesThe hosts took a 2-0 lead through Dries Mertens and Kostas Manolas before the break but Balotelli took advantage of his imposing physique to head in from a corner midway through the second half to make it interesting, but Brescia were unable to complete the comeback.\"Mario is a player that you all know,\" the club's head coach Eugenio Corini said. \"He arrived with a lot of motivation and he really seems to be bonding with the squad. He's a great player and I'll always expect something extra from him.\"Bouncing back from a highly disappointing midweek loss to Cagliari, fourth-placed Napoli moved within one point of third-placed Atalanta.AC Milan coach Marco Giampaolo is at risk of losing his job after the Rossoneri lost 3-1 at home to Fiorentina for their third straight league defeat.It's the first time since the 1938/39 season that Milan have lost four of their opening six matches, and they now sit 16th in the table - a point above the relegation zone. Erick Pulgar put Fiorentina ahead early on with a penalty and Milan were reduced to 10 men after the break when VAR determined that a studs-up tackle by Mateo Musacchio into Franck Ribery's ankle deserved a red card.Gaetano Castrovilli doubled Fiorentina's advantage by getting to a rebound, and Ribery fooled a pair of defenders to make it 3-0 after a poor penalty attempt from Federico Chiesa was saved by Milan goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.Rafael Leo slalomed past several defenders to pull one back in style for Milan's only real highlight.Elsewhere, Roma are fifth, one point behind Napoli, after Edin Dzeko's header earned them a 1-0 victory at Lecce.Lazio are one point further back in sixth after thrashing Genoa 4-0 with goals from Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Stefan Radu, Felipe Caicedo and Ciro Immobile, while Udinese beat Bologna with a first-half strike from Stefano Okaka. La Liga: Pressure mounts on Espanyol's GallegoEspanyol coach David Gallego is under immense pressure after his side lost for the fourth time in as many home games this season.They fell to a 2-0 defeat to Valladolid at RCDE Stadium on Sunday, finishing the match with 10 men and with their disgruntled fans calling for Gallego to be dismissed.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableValladolid's Michel Herrero converted a first-half penalty and Oscar Plano added another goal in stoppage time. Espanyol defender Fernando Calero was given a straight red card for a professional foul. Also on Sunday, Eibar earned a second consecutive win by beating Celta Vigo 2-0 thanks to goals from Edu Expsito and Fabian Orellana.Sevilla are up to sixth in the table after beating Real Sociedad 3-2 at the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan.Mikel Oyarzabal's opener was cancelled out by Nolito before further strikes from Lucas Ocampos and Franco Vazquez put the hosts in control. Portu set up a nervy finale but Sevilla held on.Bundesliga: Ibisevic inspires HerthaSubstitute Vedad Ibisevic scored two goals with his first two touches of the ball in Hertha Berlin's 4-0 rout of 10-man Cologne in the Bundesliga on Sunday. Hertha were given a helping hand by VAR when Cologne defender Jorge Mer was sent off moments before the break. Referee Sren Storks had shown Mer a yellow card for a late challenge on Vladimir Darida, but changed it to red after consulting video replays.Bundesliga tableCologne had made a good start but Javairo Dilrosun scored against the run of play in the 23rd minute.Ibisevic made an instant impact after coming on, scoring twice either side of the hour-mark. Belgian defender Dedryck Boyata completed the rout with his first Bundesliga goal in the 83rd minute as Hertha climbed to 10th and left Cologne in 17th place after six rounds. Both teams posed together for a photo before the game to mark \"Diversity Day,\" while Cologne players also wore jerseys that had the sponsor's name in rainbow colors.Earlier on Sunday, Luca Waldschmidt scored a late goal for Freiburg to win 2-1 at Fortuna Dsseldorf and move third on goal difference, a point off leaders Bayern Munich.
The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.TurkeyManchester City are eyeing up Leicester City centre-back Caglar Soyuncu as Pep Guardiola looks to bolster his defensive options following injuries to Aymeric Laporte and John Stones. (Fotospor)SpainBarcelona will revive their interest in Chelsea winger Willian. The La Liga club had reportedly been keen on the Brazilian in the summer. (Mundo Deportivo)After recording their first away win over the season by beating Getafe on Saturday, Barcelona head coach Ernesto Valverde revealed winger Ousmane Dembele might not be fit for their Champions League tie against Inter. The Frenchman missed the trip to Madrid as a precaution but might not be ready in time for Wednesday. \"I don't know,\" Valverde replied when asked if the Frenchman would feature. \"I wish that wasn't the case, but I can't say for sure.\" (Marca)Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane defended summer signing Eden Hazard after the Belgian came in for criticism in Saturday's goalless draw against rivals Atletico Madrid. \"He doesn't lack much,\" the French tactician said, \"just little things. We have to stick with him. He's done a good job, but we haven't had many chances.\" (Marca)Hazard and Trippier's contrasting nightsItalyLiverpool are interested in signing Ajax winger David Neres, 22, as the Reds look to boost their attack. The Brazilian international can play on either flank. (Calciomercato)Borussia Dortmund have joined the race to sign Brescia's highly-rated midfielder Sandro Tonali. The 19-year-old is also wanted by Juventus and Milan. (Calciomercato)Juventus are desperate to attract Paris Saint-Germain defender Thomas Meunier to Turin and will 'do anything' to convince the Belgian to sign. Juve defender Mattia De Sciglio could even be used as a makeweight. Meunier is out of contract at the end of the season and has been offered a new deal already. (Corriere dello Sport) Napoli's attempts to renew the contract of Belgian striker Dries Mertens have hit a stumbling block. The forward shows no inclination to extend his deal with the Neapolitans and is reportedly courting interesting from the US, Saudi Arabia, China and Belgium. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Leandro Paredes will return to Italy having fallen out of favour in France. The Argentine has been used infrequently by coach Thomas Tuchel and Juventus, Inter and Milan are all keen. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBundesliga sides Schalke and Wolfsburg have both reportedly shown interest in out-of-work coach Jose Mourinho since the Portuguese was sacked by Manchester United last December. (SportBild)FranceMarseille were offered Celtic midfielder Olivier Ntcham this summer but sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta had no interest in the former Manchester City youngster as he wanted to sign Valentin Rongier instead. (La Provence) Marseille coach Andre Villas-Boas has revealed he wanted to sign Rennes' teenage wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga but the 16-year-old's price-tag made a move impossible. \"When I arrived in Marseille, I took a little time to watch Camavinga and it was impressive,\" the Portuguese said. \"I asked Andoni (Zubizarreta) if we could make an offer, but he told me it was &#8364;40m so it will be difficult.\" (La Provence)Former France coach Raymond Domenech has backed Laurent Blanc to replace under-pressure Lyon coach Sylvinho. (Le10Sport)RB Leipzig midfielder Christopher Nkunku has admitted he had to leave Paris Saint-Germain in order to secure regular first-team football. \"The departure of young people? This is understandable,\" he said. \"The young people realize that it's stuffy for them. Any player trained to the club dreams of imposing itself but in Paris it is not obvious. Some had their chance, some did not. I think I was patient, I tried. But I realized that for my career to take off, I had to go elsewhere.\" (France Football)SwedenThe agent of Manchester United defender Victor Lindelof has revealed the Swedish defender was wanted by Barcelona during the summer transfer window. (Sportbladet)

Real Madrid bounced back from their humbling Champions League defeat to Paris Saint-Germain with a battling 1-0 victory against Sevilla on Sunday night.  A towering header from Karim Benzema gave Madrid the impressive win to go level on points at the top of La Liga on Sunday, offering the perfect response to their recent humiliating Champions League defeat in Paris.Benzema gave the visitors the lead against former Real coach Julen Lopetegui's Sevilla midway through the second half in a tense game, timing his jump to perfection to meet a cross from Dani Carvajal on the byline and send the ball high into the net.Sevilla's former Madrid striker Javier Hernandez put the ball in the net for the hosts late in the game but his effort was correctly ruled out for offside, and Real hung on to claim their first win at the Sanchez Pizjuan stadium in five seasons.The victory saw Madrid climb into second place on 11 points after five games, level with leaders Athletic Bilbao, while Sevilla tumbled from top spot at the start of the weekend to fifth on 10 points.What's happened to Real Madrid?Valencia were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Leganes on Sunday amid fans' protests against club owner Peter Lim for his recent decision to fire the team's popular coach.Sunday's latest scoresSome fans at Mestalla Stadium loudly chanted \"Peter Lim, leave!\" before and after kick-off. Others protested outside the stadium before the match.Singapore businessman Lim fired successful coach Marcelino Garca Toral last week after he criticised the club's lack of reinforcements for his squad.Real Sociedad striker Willian Jos scored twice in the first half to help earn a 3-1 victory at Espanyol, who are now in the relegation zone.Getafe beat Mallorca 4-2 at home for their first league win this season.Llorente loving lifeFernando Llorente's free transfer to Napoli is paying large dividends as the Spanish striker scored two goals and set up another in a 4-1 win at promoted Lecce in Serie A.Receiving his first start since joining Napoli on deadline day, Llorente was ready and well-positioned when a shot from Milik ricocheted into his path, using one touch to put Napoli ahead midway through the first half.Then Napoli were awarded a penalty when Panagiotis Tachtsidis used his arm to clear a cross from Llorente.Lorenzo Insigne's first effort from the penalty spot was saved but goalkeeper Gabriel was adjudged to have stepped off his line too early and Insigne smashed his second shot into the top corner.Eight minutes from time, Llorente got his second.Fabian Ruiz also scored for Napoli after the break with a blistering effort from beyond the area, before Marco Mancosu pulled one back for Lecce with a penalty.Napoli moved up to third, three points behind perfect Inter Milan and one point behind eight-time defending champions Juventus.Fiorentina full-back Dalbert Henrique became the third player targeted with racist chants in Serie A this season.The offensive chants prompted a brief suspension during the first half of a 2-2 draw at Atalanta.Federico Chiesa and Franck Ribery scored for Fiorentina before Josip Ilicic and Timothy Castagne replied for Atalanta in the final minutes.Roma are fourth, one point behind Napoli, after beating Bologna 2-1 with a stoppage-time header from Edin Dzeko.Sassuolo beat Spal 3-0 with a double from Francesco Caputo in an Emilia-Romagna derby, and Sampdoria defeated Torino 1-0 with a close-range goal from Manolo Gabbiadini.Neymar rescues PSGNeymar struck late again as Paris Saint-Germain beat Olympique Lyonnais 1-0 to strengthen their Ligue 1 lead.The Brazil forward, who scored the only goal against Racing Strasbourg last weekend, found the back of the net three minutes from time to put PSG on 15 points from six games, leaving Lyon in ninth place seven points behind.Second-placed Angers, who demolished Saint-Etienne 4-1 earlier on Sunday, are three points off the pace.Also on Sunday, Stade Rennes drew 1-1 at home to Lille.Dortmund stumble againBorussia Dortmund floundered again in the Bundesliga with a 2-2 draw at Eintracht Frankfurt.An own-goal from Thomas Delaney on 88 minutes earned Frankfurt a share of the points and dropped Dortmund a point behind Bayern Munich and three behind early leader Leipzig.Dortmund had already lost 3-1 at Union Berlin and have 10 points after five games.Axel Witsel gave Dortmund an early lead after being picked out by Thorgan Hazard in the 11th minute.Both teams maintained a furious pace but Frankfurt gradually gained the ascendency and Andre Silva duly equalized. It was the Portuguese forward's first goal for Frankfurt since arriving on loan from Milan.Jadon Sancho scored for a reinvigorated Dortmund after the break, the English teenager firing in from close range on 66 minutes after Witsel sent the rebound across goal after Kevin Trapp had parried Raphal Guerreiro's free-kick.But Dortmund defender Mats Hummels had already gone off with an apparent back injury and Frankfurt kept pushing for another equalizer.The home side's persistence was rewarded when Martin Hinteregger fired the ball across the face of goal to the back post. Frankfurt substitute Daichi Kamada shot at goal and Delaney deflected it in while attempting to clear from almost point-blank range.Substitute Marcus Thuram scored twice as Borussia Monchengladbach came from behind to beat Fortuna Dusseldorf 2-1 for their first win at home since January.
The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainParis Saint-Germain forward Neymar is willing to drop a lawsuit against former club Barcelona over an alleged unpaid bonus if the Catalans commit to re-signing him in writing. (Cadena Ser)Real Madrid have been impressed with Norwegian attacker Martin Odegaard's performances while on loan at Real Sociedad but they will not recall the 20-year-old. Odegaard had appeared to lose his way during two loan spells in the Eredivisie but is playing the best football of his young career in San Sebastian. (Marca)Neither Lionel Messi nor 16-year-old sensation Ansu Fati will travel with the Barcelona squad for their La Liga clash against Getafe this weekend due to injury. Fati is sidelined with a minor knee problem while Messi has an abductor issue. (Marca)Former Watford head coach Javi Gracia has revealed his surprise at being sacked by the Hornets just four months after reaching the club's second FA Cup final. \"I did not expect it because I had not had an earlier conversation in which they made me see that possibility,\" Gracia explained. \"After the 3-0 victory at the Carabao Cup and the tie at Newcastle...I honestly didn't expect four days later to fire me.\" (AS)ItalyManchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has requested a new contract with a &#163;600,000-a-week salary in order to remain at Old Trafford amid interest from Juventus and Real Madrid. (Tuttosport) Contrary to reports, under-pressure Milan coach Marco Giampaolo will not be sacked if the Rossoneri do not get a result against Fiorentina at San Siro on Sunday. The Milan board have backed their coach, who succeeded Gennaro Gattuso this summer, and he will remain in charge whatever the outcome. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Serie A holders Juventus are plotting a summer move for Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali who has been likened to former Juventus ace Andrea Pirlo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Fiorentina captain German Pezzella has revealed he turned down a summer move to Milan to remain in Florence following the signing of former Bayern Munich attacker Franck Ribery. \"When Franck entered the locker room I was a little hesitant,\" Pezzella said. \"He has a gold roll of fear. Instead, from day one Ribery was one of us. He taught us to be hungry, to always want to improve.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)FranceMarseille have denied they are in negotiations with sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta about terminating his contract. The former Barcelona keeper has come under increasing pressure at OM. (RMC Sport) Paris Saint-Germain's hopes of signing Emre Can have been dealt a blow after Juventus coach Maurizio Sarri admitted he wanted to reintegrate the German into the side after he was left out of Juve's Champions League squad. \"He suffered from this decision but we were forced not to put him on the list for the Champions League,\" Sarri said. \"He responded very well to training and we want to get him back in the team as quickly as possible.\" (Le10Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund director of sport Michael Zorc has thrown his support behind captain Marco Reus. The German international was criticised for his outburst following Dortmunds 2-2 draw with Eintracht Frankfurt which saw them drop two points. \"You can write what you want. We have a clear position,\" Zorc told reporters on Friday. \"Marco is our captain and will remain so - there is no reason to change anything.\" (Various)NetherlandsAjax will extend the contract of reported Real Madrid transfer target Donny van de Beek in a bid to ward off interest from Los Blancos. The 22-year-old will be offered a deal until 2022 to keep him in Amsterdam. (Algemeen Dagblad)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.ItalyReal Madrid will strongly consider Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino if the La Liga giants opt to sack Zinedine Zidane. (CalcioMercato) Juventus remain interested in bringing Manchester United star Paul Pogba back to Turin and could make an offer for the midfielder - who is unhappy at Old Trafford - in January. (Tuttosport) After he turned down lucrative contract offers from clubs in Qatar, Mario Mandzukic is hopeful a move to Manchester United will materialise in the winter transfer window. The Red Devils were interested in the Croatian in the summer. (Tuttosport) Marco Giampaolo will be sacked by AC Milan if the Rossoneri fail to beat Fiorentina this weekend. After five Serie A matches Milan sit 13th in the table. (Corriere dello Sport) Former Juventus defender Andrea Barzagli has joined Maurizio Sarri's coaching staff and will work closely with Matthijs de Ligt in an attempt to mould him into the world's best centre-back. (Gazzetta dello Sport)SpainBarcelona have made Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz their number one target for the 2020 summer transfer window. The 23-year-old is also wanted by Real Madrid and Liverpool. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona have been fined &#163;265 by the Spanish FA for making an approach to Antoine Griezmann without the consent of Atletico Madrid. However, both clubs will appeal the decision. (Marca)Germany Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness says the club will reconsider a move for Manchester City winger Leroy Sane in the new year. \"We have to wait and see how his recovery is progressing. In January or February the new leaders will sit down and decide\".Schalke goalkeeper Alexander Nubel, who has been likened to Manuel Neuer, has turned down the opportunity to join RB Leipzig. The 22-year-old's contract expires at the end of the season. (Bild) TurkeyManchester City have added Leicester City defender Caglar Soyuncu to their list of defensive targets. The 23-year-old has filled the hole left by Harry Maguire in the Foxes' backline. (Fotospor) France Nice have started disciplinary proceedings against striker Lamine Diaby-Fadiga after the 18-year-old striker admitted to stealing a watch worth around &#163;65,000 from Kasper Dolberg. (AFP)
The transfer window is closed until January but there is still plenty of juicy news stories emerging across the continent, from potential managerial changes to contract extensions and potential signings for 2020. Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest...ItalyManchester United have made former Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri their primary candidate to replace Ole Gunnar Solskj&#230;r if the club decide to sack the Norwegian coach. (Tuttosport) Fikayo Tomori is the next Chelsea academy graduate set for an improved contract. The centre-back has impressed this season and is expected to follow Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Mason Mount and Callum Hudson-Odoi in signing a new deal. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Chelsea will also open contract talks with Emerson after he established himself as the club's first-choice left-back. The Blues will offer the Italian international a five-and-a-half-year deal. (TuttoMercatoWeb)Manchester United scouts have watched Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali on several occasions this season. The 19-year-old has been dubbed the 'new Pirlo' and would cost around &#163;40m. (Calciomercato) Spain Real Madrid are monitoring Manchester City star Raheem Sterling ahead of a potential move for the England international. (Mundo Deportivo) Lionel Messi needed one training session to know Barcelona's 16-year-old winger Ansu Fati was a special talent. \"He got my attention the first time I saw him train, but he has to go step-by-step,\" the Argentine said. \"He has the potential to be very important but we have to help him.\" (Sport)Ernesto Valverde does not feel under pressure despite Barcelona's poor start to the season. \"Crisis? Football is like this. You go into crisis in three days and out in the same way. The best way for everything to be calm is to add six points in the next two games.\" (Sport)Brazilian youngster Rodrygo, who joined Real Madrid this summer for &#163;35m, has played just 90 minutes of football this season and is stuck in \"no man's land\" between the first-team and Real's B side. (AS) France Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot is unhappy with his lack of first-team football this season. Rabiot arrived on a free transfer this summer after leaving Paris Saint-Germain but has played just 27 minutes under Maurizio Sarri. (Soccer Link) GermanyBorussia Dortmund scouts will monitor the progress of Celtic forward Odsonne Edouard this season ahead of a potential move next summer. (Sky Germany) 
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.Italy Diego Costa could leave Atletico Madrid next summer with clubs in China and Qatar interested in the former Chelsea striker. Costa has struggled since he rejoined Atleti in January 2018 and has scored just five La Liga goals. (CalcioMercato)Former Leicester City and Nantes boss Claudio Ranieri could make a return to Ligue 1 management with Saint-Etienne interested in appointing the 67-year-old. (CalcioMercato)Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to offer full-back Thomas Meunier a new contract rather than lose him for nothing next summer. Several Premier League sides have been linked with the Belgian. (CalcioMercato)Watford scouts attended Brescia's 2-1 defeat to Juventus on Tuesday to run their eye over centre-back Andrea Cistana ahead of a potential move in January. Villarreal are also interested in the 22-year-old. (TuttoMercatoWeb) SpainFrenkie de Jong has confirmed he turned down Manchester City and PSG before signing with Barcelona. \"If it had not been Barcelona it would've been PSG or Manchester City,\" he said. \"My choice was Barcelona because they showed me the most love.\" (El Periodico)Boca Juniors are set to make a contract offer to Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 37-year-old striker's current deal with LA Galaxy expires in December. (AS) Barcelona legend Carles Puyol has turned down an offer from president Josep Maria Bartomeu to return to the club as sporting director. (AS) Germany Eintracht Frankfurt expected Bayern Munich to make a move for Sebastien Haller before the striker left for West Ham United. \"I always thought they would call us at some point for Haller, as a back-up for Lewandowski,\" sporting director Fredi Bobic said. (Sport Bild) RB Leipzig sporting director Markus Krosche believes Ademola Lookman will become an important part of the club's Bundesliga title challenge. \"He didn't play regularly at Everton last season and has to get back to the rhythm. He's on a very good path and will be extremely important for us.\" (Bild) Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes Philippe Coutinho will bring out the best of Robert Lewandowski \"He is a world-class player who makes the difference and is the ideal partner for Robert Lewandowski. We can expect a lot from this duo.\" (SID) FranceParis Saint-Germain are considering talks with Neymar over new contract. The Brazilian star remained in the French capital this summer despite wanting to return to Barcelona. (Le10Sport) 
European football has taken centre stage with the return of the Champions League and the Europa League this week.&#160; And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the news, views and gossip from across the continent.AustriaManchester United sent a scout to watch Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Braut Haaland score a hat-trick on his Champions League debut. The 19-year-old worked with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Molde and has 17 goals in nine games this season. (Salzburger Nachrichten)SpainUnited were not the only European giant to watch Haaland. Barcelona had a representative at the Red Bull Arena to scout the Norwegian international. (Mundo Deportivo)Paris Saint-Germain remain interested in Real Madrid's Brazilian star Vinicius Junior. The Ligue 1 champions wanted the 19-year-old included in a deal for Neymar this summer but Real were not willing to part with the winger. (ABC)Barcelona's teenage sensation Ansu Fati will be given a Spanish passport in time to represent Spain at the Under-17 World Championship in October. (Sport)FranceManchester United could make a move for Paris Saint-Germain head coach Thomas Tuchel if the club decide to part ways with Solskjaer this season. (Le10Sport)Monaco could sack Leonardo Jardim before the end of this week and want to appoint former Leicester City and Southampton manager Claude Puel. (Nice-Matin)Real Madrid centre-back Raphael Varane would like Kylian Mbappe to join him at the Bernabeu. \"This season he is in Paris but we do not know what is the future,\" he said. \"I have only positive things to tell him about Real Madrid, so he knows.\" (Le Figaro)Italy AC Milan could step up their interest in Dani Olmo after the 21-year-old starred in Dinamo Zagreb's 4-0 win over Atalanta. Sides from Spain and Germany are also keen on the &#163;30m-rated midfielder. (CalcioMercato)Former Chelsea star Dan Petrescu, who is currently in charge of Cluj, has revealed he wants to manage in England or Italy in the future. (Corriere dello Sport)GermanyBayern president Uli Hoeness doesn't believe Manuel Neuer should retire from international duty after Euro 2020: \"(Marc-Andre) Ter Stegen is a very good goalkeeper but Manuel is better and more experienced. There should be no discussion, Manuel is Germany's goalkeeper. (Sport1)NorwayEngland and Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho has refused to rule out leaving the Bundesliga giants next summer. He said: \"I can't predict the future, I just take things game by game. I just want to give 100 percent for BVB and obviously I want to win titles.\" (Viasport)
Henrikh Mkhitaryan scored on his Roma debut to help new boss Paulo Fonseca to his first victory with a 4-2 win over Sassulo. The Armenia international, who joined the capital club on loan from Arsenal on transfer deadline day, scored his side's third goal as the visitors were put to the sword in the first half.Dzeko hails Mkhitaryan after Roma debutRoma were 4-0 up inside 33 minutes thanks to Bryan Cristantes header, a volley from Edin Dzeko, Mkhitaryan's low strike and a composed finish from Justin Kluivert.The visitors rallied in the second half through Domenico Berardi's double but it was too little too late.The result moves Roma into seventh place on five points, four behind leaders Inter Milan, while Sassuolo are 12th after taking three points from their opening three games.Earlier in the day, SPAL stunned European hopefuls Lazio as they came from behind to win 2-1 thanks to Jasmin Kurtic's late winner.Bologna also went joint-second after pulling off a remarkable comeback in Brescia, recovering from a 3-1 half-time deficit to win 4-3 after Daniele Dessena was sent off for the hosts shortly after the break.Duvan Zapata scored a stunning stoppage-time strike to earn Atalanta a 2-1 victory at Genoa, while Cagliari won 3-1 away to Parma.Sevilla go top of La Liga Joan Jordan's goal proved enough for Sevilla to win at Alaves and go to the top of La Liga for the first time this season.Atletico Madrid's 3-2 defeat at Real Sociedad on Saturday night ended the league's only perfect record and Sevilla took advantage of the slip up with a comfortable 1-0 victory.Jordan curled in a brilliant free-kick with 25 minutes on the clock and it proved enough in the Basque country, as Sevilla passed up numerous chances to double their lead. Alaves failed to have a single shot on target in their first defeat of the season and remain mid-table.Elsewhere, Celta Vigo had Saenz and Beltran sent off in the opening 29 minutes at home to Granada and subsequently suffered a 2-0 defeat to the newly-promoted side.Ligue 1Califa Koulibaly's goal was enough to move Nantes up to fourth with a 1-0 win over Stade Reims, who missed the chance to move into the top half and remain 11th. Elsewhere, ex-Leeds and Bournemouth winger Max Gradel scored against his former club in Toulouse's 2-2 draw at Saint-Etienne, where the hosts clawed back from a two-goal deficit.Marseille showed great fighting spirit to come back from two goals down to beat Monaco 4-3 - a result that leaves their opponents winless this season. BundesligaDavid Wagner's Schalke came from behind to triumph 5-1 at second-bottom Paderborn, a win which moved them up to sixth in the table with seven points from four games.Cauly headed promoted Paderborn in front in the eighth minute before Salif Sane equalised with a header of his own in the 33rd. Suat Serder's deflected shot gave Schalke the lead four minutes after the break and Amine Harit, set up by on-loan Everton full-back Jonjoe Kenny, then made it 3-1 in the 71st minute.Substitute Ahmed Kutucu and Harit netted in the 83rd and 85th minutes respectively as Schalke wrapped up an emphatic win that took them up to sixth.
European football will take centre stage this week with the return of the Champions League and Europa League. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Portugal Manchester United sent a scout to watch centre-back Ruben Dias in Benfica's 2-0 win over Gil Vicente. United will monitor the Portugal international ahead of a potential bid next summer. (Record) SpainJurgen Klopp is top of the wishlists of Barcelona and Real Madrid. The La Liga giants would move for the Liverpool boss if either Zinedine Zidane or Ernesto Valverde departed this season or next summer. (AS) Both Barcelona and Real Madrid would attempt to bring Virgil van Dijk to Spain if they were to appoint Klopp. The two clubs would have to pay a world-record fee for a defender to land the Dutch centre-back. (AS) The Spanish Football Federation expect Barcelona's Ansu Fati to commit his international allegiance to Spain. The 16-year-old, who has two goals in three games this season, was born in Guinea-Bissau but has spent the majority of his life in Spain. (Sport) Italy Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is close to signing a new five-year contract with Lazio. The Serbian midfielder was linked with Manchester United and Juventus this summer. (Calciomercato)Juventus are interested in signing Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic on a free transfer. The Serbian is out of contract next summer and has also been linked with AC Milan and Inter Milan. (Calciomercato)Mario Mandzukic's agent will fly to Qatar to hold talks with Al-Gharafa over a potential switch from Juventus. If a deal can't be agreed, the Croatian will remain in Turin until January. (Tuttosport)Inter are prepared to sell Brazilian forward Gabriel Barbosa to Flamengo for &#163;16m. The 23-year-old has made just 10 appearances for the Serie A side since he signed from Santos for &#163;26m in 2016. (Corriere dello Sport) GermanyJulian Nagelsmann believes his RB Leipzig side can challenge for the Bundesliga title this season. \"In principle yes [RBL can challenge] and it isn't just us and Dortmund. But even when Bayern have a weak stretch they're always the most stable team over a full season.\" (Kicker) 
As many as four Premier League clubs have been left disappointed after one of Europe's most sought-after talent spotters, Paul Mitchell, signed a new contract with Red Bull. Sky Sports News has learned the former Spurs and Southampton recruitment chief has turned down a host of lucrative offers to return to the Premier League and will leave his present role as Head of Recruitment and Development at RB Leipzig at the end of September to become Technical Director of Red Bull's Global Soccer division.In less than two years, Mitchell has rebuilt a Leipzig squad which sits unbeaten on top of the Bundesliga after four games and returned home from Lisbon on Wednesday morning following a 2-1 win away to Benfica in the Champions League, courtesy of two goals in nine minutes from Germany striker Timo Werner.What is even more impressive is the Leipzig side is the youngest in the Bundesliga - a squad expected to further challenge the likes of Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund in the seasons ahead.In the past 18 months Mitchell has been linked with technical director roles at Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal as well as having offers from other European and Bundesliga clubs. In his new role, Mitchell will continue to influence development at Leipzig while also working with squads at New York Red Bulls and Red Bull Bragantino in Brazil.Red Bull are understood to have worked hard for more than six months to tempt Mitchell to stay and are delighted to have their prized asset under contract for a further three years.The new role is also expected to see Mitchell return to the United Kingdom, as it will be based at his family home in Buckinghamshire. The 38-year old, who hails from the Manchester suburb of Denton, is credited with unearthing talents including Sadio Mane, Dusan Tadic and Dejan Lovren while at Southampton - and then Toby Alderweireld, Dele Alli and Heung-Min Son when he was reunited with Mauricio Pochettino at Spurs.His youthful Leipzig squad was boosted in the summer with the arrivals of Ademola Lookman from Everton for &#163;16.2m and the loan signing of Chelsea's Ethan Ampadu and PSG Christopher Nkunku.
European football takes centre stage this week with the return of the Champions League and Europa League.&#160; That means there is plenty of news, views and gossip emanating from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.ItalyManchester United remain interested in Juventus star Paulo Dybala and could make a move for the Argentine in January. Tottenham are also monitoring the forward's situation after a failed move in the summer. (Tuttosport) Rennes' 16-year-old midfielder Eduardo Camavinga is being monitored by AC Milan after the club's chief scout Geoffrey Moncada included the youngster on a list of future targets. (Calciomercato) Qatari side Al-Rayyan will hold talks with Mario Mandzukic's representatives today and are prepared to offer the 33-year-old a two-year contract worth close to &#163;7m after tax. (Calciomercato)FranceEden Hazard and Thibaut Courtois want Real Madrid to sign N'Golo Kante from Chelsea next summer and hope to convince those in charge at the Bernabeu to sanction a move. (France Football) Tottenham captain Hugo Lloris doesn't believe he will end his career with the Premier League club. \"I'm not against the idea of discovering something new,\" the goalkeeper said. \"That could be the United States, I do not know.\" (France Football)  Paris Saint-Germain have not opened talks with Edinson Cavani over a new contract despite his deal with the Ligue 1 champions expiring next summer. The Uruguayan has been linked with David Beckham's Inter Miami franchise. (L'Equipe)SpainReal Madrid are prepared to break the world transfer record in order to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. Florentino Perez is willing to sanction a &#163;245m bid and offer the forward a contract worth around &#163;650,000 a week. (El Chiringuito) Real Madrid, Sevilla, Nice and West Ham all held talks with Barcelona's 16-year-old star Ansu Fati before he agreed a new five-year contract with Barca. (Mundo Deportivo) Martin Odegaard hasn't given up on becoming a success at Real Madrid and hopes to break into the first team when he returns from a two-year loan spell at Real Sociedad in the summer of 2021. (Marca)  HollandWatford defender Christian Kabasele says he is close to signing a new contract with the Hornets. \"My wish was always to stay at Watford and we are close to an agreement, he said. \"I want to play here as long as possible and grow with the club.\" (Voetbal Nieuws) 
Domestic football returns today following a thrilling week of international action and Europe&#8217;s back pages reflect an enticing schedule. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.GermanyManchester United will offer &#8364;75m (&#163;66.9m) for Real Madrid's German midfielder Toni Kroos. Real wanted to sign Paul Pogba from the Premier League side this summer and could use Kroos as a makeweight. (BILD)Having already secured Timo Werner's future with the club, RB Leipzig will make goalkeeper Peter Gulacsi and attacker Emil Forsberg their next targets to tie down to long-term deals. (BILD)Bayern Munich have joined the chase for Napoli star Fabian Ruiz who is also wanted by Real Madrid, Juventus and Liverpool. (SportBild)ItalyTeenage Tottenham forward Troy Parrott is being targeted by Juventus, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. (Calciomercato)Unwanted at Juventus and having rejected a move to Qatar already, Croatian forward Mario Mandzukic - who has also been linked with West Ham - could join Major League Soccer franchise LAFC. (Sky Sports Italy)Milan's Ante Rebic has revealed he turned down the advances of rivals Inter this summer to join the club on a two-year loan deal from Eintracht Frankfurt. (Calciomercato)Southampton have shown an interest in Anderlecht's 18-year-old midfielder Yari Verschaeren. (Calciomercato)Milan are interested in Udinese's Argentine international Rodrigo de Paul. The attacking midfielder almost joined Fiorentina in the summer while Inter and Napoli have previously shown interest. It is expected he would cost &#8364;35m (&#163;31.2m). (Tuttomercato)Spain Having missed out on re-signing Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar this summer, Barcelona will switch their focus to his PSG team-mate Kylian Mbappe. (Mundo Deportivo)Mbappe's younger brother, Ethan, is in Madrid this week - but not to sign for Real. The 13-year-old is playing with PSG at the Madrid Football Cup, a prestigious 32-team tournament which brings youth sides from across the globe together. (AS)Jose Mourinho has left the door open to the possibility of returning to coach Real Madrid one day, saying: \"I have always emerged as a serious, honest uncle, who has given everything and has open doors. I'm friends with my presidents, even the presidents who threw me out, and that's how I like it to be. I have no problem telling you that when you leave after three years in Madrid, you are Real Madrid.\" (AS)France Paris Saint-Germain will have Neymar from the start for the first time this season for the Ligue 1 clash against Strasbourg. (Le Parisien)PSG will target Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Kai Havertz as a replacement for Neymar. It won't be easy for sporting director Leonardo to persuade the German schemer to move to the French capital, though, as Real Madrid, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are all keen. (Le10Sport)PSG coach Thomas Tuchel had hoped to sign Dortmund left-back Raphael Guerreiro this summer but the Portuguese looks set to sign a contract extension with BVB. Sporting director Michael Zorc said: \"We have continued to talk to him in recent weeks and we have a general agreement between the club and the player about an extension of the contract until 2023. I am very much we'll be sure we can do it.\" (Le10Sport)
The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window.  So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainTottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen hopes Real Madrid renew their reported interest in him in January. The Dane has already stated his desire to embark on a new challenge. (Marca)Spain's national team coach Roberto Moreno has confirmed the Spanish FA are trying to nationalise Barcelona prodigy Ansu Fati. The 16-year-old, who was born in Guinea Bissau, became Barca's youngest ever scorer earlier this season and scored his second - as well as assisting another - in Saturday's 5-2 win over Valencia. \"The people of the Spanish FA are working on it to bring Ansu Fati and then it will be the decision of the player,\" Moreno told Movistar+. (Marca)Former Barcelona forward Paco Alcacer says he was treated 'very badly' at the Nou Camp during his two-and-a-half-year stay. The Spaniard joined Borussia Dortmund on loan at the start of last season before making the switch permanent in January and, speaking ahead of the clubs' Champions League meeting, said: \"I have respect for many people and many colleagues, as many people at Barcelona treated me very well and others very badly.\" (Cadena Ser)Real Madrid have revealed in their accounts they anticipate their total wage bill to increase by &#8364;62m (&#163;55.3m) for the next financial period after a summer in which they made six senior signings and saw players who had been out on loan - James Rodriguez being one example - return to the Bernabeu. (AS)Euro round-up: Neymar scores wonder goalItalyMilan rivals AC and Inter will battle it out to sign out-of-favour Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic this January. The 31-year-old has played in just 89 minutes of Premier League action this season. (Corriere dello Sport)At one point Juventus' French midfielder Blaise Matuidi was surplus to requirements in Turin and the Bianconeri were actively seeking to sell the 31-year-old. But things have changed. Now the World Cup winner will be offered a contract extension by the Italian champions. (Calciomercato)Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio says the Nerazzurri have not opened contract talks with Argentine forward Lautaro Martinez yet despite the 22-year-old's impressive start to the season. \"We are happy with the performance of Lautaro,\" Ausilio told DAZN. \"The renewal of the contract is not something on the agenda, it is a very young guy who still has a four-year contract with us. We will have time for the contract.\" (Tuttomercato)GermanyRB Leipzig forward Timo Werner had looked set to join Bayern Munich this summer with all parties agreeing on a deal. Crucially, though, Bayern's sporting direction Hasan Salihamidzic did not and the Germany international remained at RBL where he has signed a new contract. (Suddeutsche Zeitung)West Ham striker Sebastien Haller had been considered as an option for Bayern Munich but the French forward, who joined the Hammers from Eintracht Frankfurt for &#163;45m, was considered too expensive by the Bavarians. (TZ)Poch and Becks: He wants to play for SpursFranceReal Madrid will return with an offer for Kylian Mbappe next summer. The World Cup winner was convinced to remain at Paris Saint-Germain for another season by his entourage but is desperate to join Los Blancos who, with the aid of a &#8364;285m (&#163;254m) loan, will have the means to make a deal happen. (Le10Sport)Monaco's former Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas says he always felt Neymar's potential return to the Catalan club was 'difficult' to see happening. \"I always thought Neymar's return to Barcelona was very difficult,\" the Spaniard said. \"Not because Barca, PSG or Neymar didn't want it to happen, but because it costs too much. Barcelona has made large investments in recent years, they have taken Neymar which has cost a lot and the salaries of the players are very high. I played with Neymar, he is a humble guy, with an incredible talent.\" (RMC Sport) David Beckham's Major League Soccer franchise, Inter Miami CF, are interested in making Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale one of their marquee signings. (Maxifoot)Marseille coach Andre Villas-Boas closed the door on a potential loan deal for Tottenham midfielder Victor Wanyama who was available this summer. (France Football)
With the international break now over, attention across Europe returns to club football. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainDavid Beckham wants to make Luis Suarez his first marquee signing at Inter Miami and could make an approach for the Barcelona forward in January. (Mundo Deportivo)Lionel Messi will stay with Barcelona for the rest of his career... as long as the club remains successful. \"I want to win, and I want to win at this club,\" he said. \"This is my home. I don't have any intention of going anywhere but I want to keep competing and winning.\" (Sport)The Argentine also insists he does not have a say in the club's recruitment strategy. \"I know what my role and the truth is,\" Messi says. \"I'm just another player. The only thing I want is to win and continue to lift titles.\" (Sport)Real Madrid expect to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain within the next two years. The La Liga giants have prioritised the signing of the French star ahead of next summer. (El Chiringuito)James Rodriguez has finally won over Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane and will be used this season by the French coach. (Marca)Florentino Perez has confirmed Real Madrid made several approaches for Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski. \"We went for Lewandowski for several years, but nothing happened because he has no clause and Bayern Munich won't sell him.\" (Marca) ItalyAntonio Conte's &#163;10m-a-year contract with Inter makes him Serie A's best paid coach. Conte receives twice as much as the second-highest earner, Maurizio Sarri, who is paid &#163;5m a year by Juventus. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Spurs and Juventus could strike a deal in January which would see Christian Eriksen move to Turin and Paulo Dybala arrive at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium. (Tuttosport) Mario Mandzukic turned down an offer from Qatari side Al-Gharafa SC before the transfer window closed. The Croatian forward preferred to stay at Juventus and will reassess his options in January. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund are interested in Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz and could make a move in excess of &#163;100m for the 19-year-old if Jadon Sancho departs. (Kicker)PortugalSporting star Bruno Fernandes, who was linked with moves to Manchester United and Tottenham this summer, could be available in January for around &#163;60m. (A Bola) FranceAndre Villas-Boas plans to retire from coaching in four years as he wants to become president of Porto. \"I think I'll stop at 45 as I have other ambitions in football. I have big ideas for my club, FC Porto. I have a dream to become the president of the club.\" (RMC Sport)
Jadon Sancho's agent met Manchester United officials during the summer transfer window, according to Borussia Dortmund's sporting director&#160;Michael Zorc. Sancho, 19, has been linked with United as well as a host of European clubs following two successful seasons at Dortmund, in which he has scored 17 goals and made 27 assists in 60 appearances.In August, Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke revealed he turned down an approach for the England international from a \"super club\" earlier this year.\"A hot topic right now is Sancho and Manchester United,\" Zorc said in the Amazon Prime documentary 'Inside Borussia Dortmund' which reviews the 2018/19 season.Just how far can Sancho go?Sancho: Racism will make players quit \"Both his discussions with the club and mine with the agent, a meeting did take place. Manchester United invited the agent.\"According to what I know, the agent told the club that no matter how much money they offer, we won't let him go this summer. \"The player also has no intention of taking that step this summer [2019].\"The teenager, who scored two goals in two first-half minutes for England during their 5-3 victory over Kosovo, agreed a contract extension last year at the Westfalenstadion, until 2022.Sancho arrived at the North Rhine-Westphalia club in 2017 in a &#163;7m move from Manchester City. The former City youngster has three goals in five appearances for Dortmund so far this term in all competitions.He is currently joint-top of the 2019/20 Bundesliga assists chart.
With the international break now over, club football once again takes centre stage and that means there is plenty of news emerging across Europe.   And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from the continent.SpainSeveral Barcelona directors want the club to end their pursuit of Neymar and instead look to strike a deal with Paris Saint-Germain for Kylian Mbappe. The French star will have just two years left on his contract at the end of this season. (Mundo Deportivo)Jose Mourinho, who was sacked by Manchester United in December, is in no rush to return to coaching. \"I will only return when an offer comes that makes me feel like it is the right time.\" (Mundo Deportivo) Gareth Bale is the latest star linked with a move to David Beckham's MLS franchise Inter Miami. Edinson Cavani and Luis Suarez are also on the former England captain's wanted list. (El Confidencial)Real Madrid and Barcelona are monitoring the future of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz and could enter the race to sign the 20-year-old midfielder next summer. (AS)Live football on Sky Sports this weekHow to watch Premier League highlightsItalyFormer Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri believes this summer was the right time to leave the Serie A giants: \"I don't regret the decision I made with Juventus, things mustn't be forced. After five years, it was time to take a break.\" (Padova Sport)Gonzalo Higuain was not prepared to leave Juventus this summer as he was confident of winning a place in Maurizio Sarri's side. \"As soon as I returned to Turin I had a clear idea that I wanted to stay,\" he said. \"I came back to work here, to try to show my worth.\" (Sky Italia)GermanyBayern Munich considered moves for Sebastian Haller and Max Kruse as they searched for a deputy for Robert Lewandowski. The Bundesliga champions eventually decided Thomas Muller could stand-in for the Pole. (Frankfurter Rundschau)Marcus Thuram, who was linked with Arsenal and Marseille throughout the summer, has explained why he opted to sign with Borussia Monchengladbach. \"They were the first club to make contact, so I had given my word to Max Eberl and Borussia, the decision was made.\" (Kicker) Get a Sky Sports Day Pass for one-off payment of &#163;9.99Find out more about Sky Sports hereFranceFormer PSG and AC Milan forward Jeremy Menez is in talks with Ligue 2 club Paris FC. Menez is available on a free transfer having left Mexican side Club America last month. (Le Parisien) Menez's return to the French capital is likely after Marseille opted against signing the 32-year-old on a free transfer as cover for Florian Thauvin, who is out for three months due to injury. OM have also turned down the opportunity to bring in Hatem Ben Arfa. (L'Equipe)
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.&#160; SpainReal Madrid are prepared to bid for Paul Pogba in January and could offer Manchester United Toni Kroos as part of any deal for the French midfielder. (El Chiringuito)Athletic Bilbao forward Inaki Williams did receive an approach from Manchester United this summer but says he wasn't interested in a move to Old Trafford. \"My number one option has always been to stay at Athletic Club and to retire here.\" (Cadena Ser)Barcelona director Javier Bordas has said the Spanish club haven't ended their interest in re-signing Neymar from Paris Saint-Germain. \"As long as he wants to come, we will do what we can,\" he admitted. (Mundo Deportivo) ItalyJuventus sporting director Fabio Paratici wants to bring Kai Havertz to Turin and could hold preliminary talks with representatives from Bayer Leverkusen when the two sides meet in the Champions League at the start of next month. (Tuttosport) Genoa forward Christian Kouame - who has previously been linked with a move to Juventus - has signed a new five-year contract with the Serie A side after an impressive start to the 2019/20 campaign. (Tuttosport) Milan have opened contract talks with Gianluigi Donnarumma. The Rossoneri want the 20-year-old goalkeeper to extend his current deal, which expires in the summer of 2021. (Corriere dello Sport) Portugal Manchester United have scouted Benfica midfielder Florentino Luis but will face competition from Manchester City if they make a move for the 20-year-old. (A Bola) Lucas Piazon says he will quit Chelsea next summer when his loan at Rio Ave comes to an end. \"My time at Chelsea is already over,\" he said. \"I'm tired of playing here and there, I need a place where I can feel at home. (A Bola) FranceChelsea are interested in Valencia full-back Jose Gaya and could make a move for the Spain international when the club's registration ban ends next summer. (Soccer Link) After he struck four goals in two games for France's U21s, Celtic forward Odsonne Edouard faced questions about a return to Paris Saint-Germain in the future. \"It is the club of my heart,\" he said. \"For the moment, it [a return] is not really in my head.\" (Canal+)GermanyBorussia Dortmund boss Lucien Favre did not want the club to re-sign Mats Hummels as he doesn't feel the centre-back is suited to playing in a high defensive line. (Sport Bild) Philippe Coutinho has explained how Jurgen Klopp has transformed Liverpool. \"I learned so much from him, especially on the mental level. He changed Liverpool, breathed new life, made the club strong again. It was an honour to work with him.\" (Sport Bild)David Wagner expected to be offered another Premier League job after he left Huddersfield Town in January. \"If someone asked me where I would work as a coach, I would have said, 'I will stay in England'. But then came Schalke and it changed quickly.\" (Sport Bild) 
Jadon Sancho has hit the ground running again. How good can this record breaker be, and why has he shown 'one tenth' of his ability for club and country? Sancho set a new record last weekend, becoming the youngest player in history to score 15 Bundesliga goals. It's an arbitrary number, but the context behind it has a far deeper, far more exciting meaning for both club side Dortmund and the England national team.The 19-year-old said this week playing in Germany has 'taken off the pressure' of the intense scrutiny he would face in the English game - and the news of his achievement last weekend made few headlines this side of the Channel. He has escaped the spotlight other young English talents have had to endure, but that's good, because few possess had the ability he has.Sancho: Playing in Germany relieves the pressure'Racism could drive players to quit the game'Two years on from becoming the ballsy teenager who turned his back on Pep Guardiola to take an incredibly un-English path, backing himself on foreign shores which so few English talents have dared to tread, even fewer conquered, he is on a remarkable upward curve with little sign of slowing down.Two goals, three assists in the opening three Bundesliga games of the season is just par for the course for him now. It's more noteworthy when he doesn't score than when he does.He is already a cult hero at the Westfalenstadion. They love him and he loves them. Dortmund have handed him vastly-improved terms on a new contract, without demanding he extends his deal, such is his level of importance to the club even with less than a season's worth of Bundesliga starts under his belt. Earlier this week team-mate Paco Alcacer said Sancho was on the route to becoming world class, and he's unlikely to be alone in that belief.On an international level, he has several years on his attacking rivals Raheem Sterling and Marcus Rashford, but has no intention to respect their positions. No one completed more dribbles per game in last season's Bundesliga than Sancho. His 3.3 against Sterling's 2.4 in the Premier League is impressive, even with lingering question marks over directly comparing the two divisions. He scored almost a goal every other game and registered more assists than any other player in Germany's top flight. And he's still in his teens.We're in an era when money can prove a major distraction for young players, but not for Sancho. Even as a child, a headstrong determination to be the best means he is just at the start of his rise to the very top, says his former youth coach and now Taiwan national team manager Louis Lancaster.\"I'm extremely proud of what he's doing, but I don't even think you've seen one tenth of what's to come,\" he told Sky Sports. \"He's going to keep pushing and pushing and pushing.\"When he was a kid in training, if we had 14 players, I don't like to go seven vs seven just because it looks beautiful. I'd say to him, we're going to go nine vs five instead, and he'd say put me on the five because he wants to be challenged. \"You're talking about a young boy, willing to move away from his family for sport. That takes a lot of guts. You can measure him on his dribbles, his goals, but how much courage does that take? How much courage does he have? It takes a lot.\"That's someone who has a dream and will do anything to get there. Steve Redgrave, Usain Bolt, it's like an iceberg - you only see the top, not the stuff going on underneath how they got there. That's him.\"I always ask young players three questions. The first is 'what's the dream?' When I asked him, he looked me clear in the face and said 'I want to play for one of Europe's top clubs and represent my country'. I asked him why? And he said 'to make my family proud of me'. He can't have been any older than 13.\"Sancho breaks the English mould in so many more ways than just his nerve. His samba style, forged in the footballing cages of south London, his direct running and dribbling ability unmatched in an England shirt for some time, and in the words of Lancaster, a 'maverick' - something so at odds with our homegrown talent, even with the improvements St George's Park have brought over the past decade. Even 21 years on from his last England game, people still talk about Paul Gascoigne, another true maverick, like few others since. For years England fans have looked longingly at other countries' special players, who can change the game in the blink of an eye. Remember the frustration that England had lacked a moment of magic in the World Cup semi-final last year? Sancho can make that difference, says Lancaster.\"I think he's going to continue to surprise people,\" he said. \"His game is so fast-paced, it's very direct. When a player gets the ball, they've got a soft option, get the stats up, make the simple pass, or you can make it 75 per cent of the time but everything's forward. What you're seeing from Jadon is a 19-year-old boy with a lot of maturity.\"It's great that Gareth Southgate is giving the youth a chance, other countries use these flair players because they trust them - they can be a hero or a villain. They might not track that runner or something like that, but when it's the 89th minute they might produce something magical.\"It's like a computer game - you might have a favourite character because they have a signature move. I think players need that. With Jadon, the best players might have two aspects of their game which are 10/10, but a couple more which are five or six. But those signatures help them get where they are. When you're working with players like Jadon, you have a question to ask yourself 'do you develop the strength, or work on the weaknesses?'.\"I worked on my Pro Licence on 'what is a maverick? How do you get the best out of them?' I interviewed managers, players and mavericks themselves - and I interviewed Jadon. Even when he was younger he was completely fearless, and he always wanted to be the best player.\"Watch England highlights for free on Sky SportsWatch highlights of England's European Qualifiers vs Bulgaria on Saturday and Kosovo on Tuesday.The best bits from each game will be available on SkySports.com, the Sky Sports app and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel from 15 minutes after full-time - and you won't need a Sky Sports subscription to tune in.
With the international break beginning to wind down, attention once again returns to club football across Europe. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkFranceReal Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane prioritised the arrival of Paul Pogba from Manchester United ahead of the signing of Eden Hazard this summer. But Real were unwilling to meet United's &#163;150m asking price. (France Football)Tottenham midfielder Victor Wanyama was offered to Marseille but the French club, who are managed by former Spurs boss Andre Villas-Boas, were not interested in the Kenya international. (France Football)ItalyTottenham have not given up hope of signing Paulo Dybala from Juventus and will make another approach for the Argentine in January. However, Spurs will face competition from Paris Saint-Germain for his signature. (Tuttosport)Inter Milan have told Manchester City to end their interest in Milan Skriniar as there is zero chance the centre-back will be sold in the January transfer window. (Tuttosport)Jorginho plans to stay at Chelsea for at least another four years, according to his agent. \"We have mid-to-long-term project with Chelsea,\" Joao Santos said. \"There are five years left on his contract and let's say he'd like to stay for at least another four years.\" (Radio Kiss Kiss) Former Manchester United forward Giuseppe Rossi hopes to find a new club having recovered from his fifth ACL injury in eight years. \"I'm training every day, it's not easy to do it alone. I'm waiting for a call, I still have so much to give.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)SpainBarcelona will make an offer for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz next summer. The La Liga champions are prepared to pay around &#163;55m for the Spain international. (Mundo Deportivo)Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is confident Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek will arrive at the Bernabeu next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Jorge Valdano says Neymar could have had a negative impact on Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo had he signed from Paris Saint-Germain. \"I don't know if he would have been a good influence for Vinicius and Rodrygo,\" the former Real Madrid director general said. (El Transistor)GermanyTalks between Borussia Dortmund and Mario Gotze over a new contract have stalled and the Germany international could leave next summer on a free. Inter are interested in the World Cup winner. (Welt)
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.&#160; SpainAtletico Madrid haven't ended their interest in Christian Eriksen. The Tottenham midfielder will be out of contract next summer but Atleti are prepared to make a substantial offer in January to secure the Dane's signing. (AS) Neymar broke down in tears when Barcelona informed the Brazillian they would be unable to sign him from Paris Saint-Germain this summer. (El Chiringuito)Former Leicester City forward Shinji Okasaki has signed with Spanish second-tier side Huesca after his contract with Malaga was cancelled after just one month. (Marca) Celta Vigo winger Pione Sisto turned down a &#163;9m move to Aston Villa this summer and also rejected St Etienne, Torino and Mexican club Tigres. (Faro de Vigo)FranceChelsea forward Olivier Giroud is open to a move to MLS when his Blues contract expires next summer. \"For my family - who speak English - it would be interesting. In one year? Two years? I don't know. But I would be open to a final challenge,\" he said. (RMC)Barcelona star Ousmane Dembele refused to join Paris Saint-Germain this summer as he is already at his dream club and believes he can win the Ballon d'Or with the La Liga giants. (L'Equipe) Brazilian midfielder Luiz Gustavo paid &#163;900,000 out of his own pocket to help secure his transfer from Marseille to Fenerbahce. (L'Equipe) ItalyFormer Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian could leave Parma in January and join Inter Milan. Alessandro Bastoni would move to Parma on loan if such a deal was to be struck. (Corriere dello Sport)Maurizio Sarri is unhappy with Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici's inability to trim his first-team squad this summer. It has created tension at the club with Emre Can and Mario Mandzukic omitted from Juventus' Champions League squad. (Corriere dello Sport) Udinese midfielder Rodrigo de Paul isn't disappointed a move to Fiorentina fell through in the final days of the transfer window. \"I am happy to remain with a club that wanted me to stay at all costs,\" he said. (Various) Atalanta are considering an approach for former Milan and Genoa midfielder Andrea Bertolacci, who is available on a free transfer. (L'Eco di Bergamo) GermanyMarco Reus says he will do everything in his power to help Borussia Dortmund sign Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz next summer. \"I don't know how it will go in terms of the transfer fee, it may be too much for Dortmund. But I will do my best,\" the BVB captain said. (Sport1) CroatiaDejan Lovren was not prepared to leave Liverpool on loan as the centre-back felt it unnecessary to prove himself to a potential buyer. He said: \"I have achieved big things in football and don't deserve to go anywhere on loan to have someone checking me and my quality.\" (Sportske Novosti)
International football continues to take centre stage but there is still plenty of news and gossip emerging from the biggest clubs in Europe.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.SpainReal Madrid will make an approach Christian Eriksen next summer if Paul Pogba opts to renew his contract at Manchester United. The Tottenham star may be available on a free transfer as he is out of contract in 2020.Barcelona plan to offer Lionel Messi a 'contract for life' after it was revealed the Argentine star's current deal contains a clause which enables him to leave for nothing at the end of every season. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyManchester City will launch a move for Inter centre-back Milan Skriniar in January as Pep Guardiola wants to bolster his defensive options even if Aymeric Laporte has returned from his knee injury. (Tuttosport)  Juventus boss Maurizio Sarri has made a pact with Cristiano Ronaldo that the Portuguese forward will score at least 40 goals this season for the Turin club. (Tuttosport) Chelsea defender Emerson suffered a hamstring injury while representing Italy but coach Roberto Mancini insists the problem is \"nothing serious\". (Gazzetta dello Sport) Fiorentina owner Rocco Commisso wants to ensure Federico Chiesa doesn't leave the club for Juventus and may offer the 21-year-old winger an improved contract. (La Repubblica)Lazio are prepared to offer Sergej Milinkovic-Savic a new contract which will include a buyout clause in excess of &#163;100m. The Serbian midfielder was heavily linked with Manchester United this summer. (Il Messaggero)FranceMoussa Sissoko says he didn't consider quitting Tottenham after his difficult first campaign in North London. \"I never thought of leaving. It (the first season) gave me the desire to do well. I have a winning mentality. It has been like that throughout my career.\" Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti was not interested in a potential move to Arsenal this summer. He said: \"I told my agent that no matter what was happening in the market, it was not even necessary to talk to me about it.\" (Canal+)Former Southampton and Leicester boss Claude Puel has held talks with Portugese giants Sporting over their vacant manager's position. (L'Equipe) Germany Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson believes the signing of Philippe Coutinho makes Bayern Munich one of the frontrunners to win the Champions League. He said: \"With Coutinho they definitely belong among the favourites.\" (Bild) 
International football may have taken centre stage this weekend but there is still plenty of news and gossip emerging from the biggest clubs in Europe. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.ItalyManchester City were interested in Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar in the summer and could launch a move for the Slovakian in January if Aymeric Laporte is still out with a knee injury. (Calciomercato) Chelsea midfielder Jorginho believes the Premier League has helped him improve. \"I am stronger in defence now; I go into challenges with more determination. It has forced me to develop different skills,\" he said. (Various) Torino are set to offer Walter Mazzarri a new four-year contract. The former Watford head coach's current deal expires at the end of the season. (Tuttosport)SpainReal Madrid have not ended their interest in Ajax star Donny van de Beek and could launch a move for the Netherlands international next summer. (AS)  Several Barcelona players were prepared to help finance a deal to bring Neymar back to the Nou Camp from Paris Saint-Germain as they believe the Brazilian could help them win the Champions League. (Sport) Real Madrid defender Nacho turned down the chance to sign with Sevilla. Julen Lopetegui wanted to be reunited with the Spain international but the 29-year-old is comfortable with his position as Zinedine Zidane's fourth-choice centre-back. (Marca) Real Betis will offer club legend Joaquin a one-year contract extension. The 38-year-old's current deal expires next summer but Betis want him to extend his stay until shortly before his 40th birthday. (Sevilla ABC) FranceNeymar wants to put his failed move to Barcelona behind him and return to the Paris Saint-Germain side after the international break. (Le Parisien) Sheffield United could be offered the chance to sign Younousse Sankhare in January. The Blades were interested in the Bordeaux midfielder this summer and the 29-year-old's future at the Ligue 1 club is uncertain after he missed training. (L'Equipe) Lyon boss Sylvinho turned down the chance to sign Juventus midfielder Sami Khedira. A loan deal had been agreed between the two clubs but Sylvinho had reservations about the German's fitness. (L'Equipe) Portugal Pep Guardiola has instructed Manchester City scouts to monitor the form of Benfica midfielder Florenino Luis ahead of a potential move for the 20-year-old next summer. (Record)  Germany Lothar Matthaus believes Bayern Munich should be the next club of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz. \"I would say the best choice would be Bayern, the German legend said, \"but there will not only be interest from German clubs. English and Spanish sides will want him too.\" (Sky Germany)
International football has taken centre stage this week but there is still plenty going on at club level across Europe. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.SpainReal Madrid plan to sign Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe within the next two years and Zinedine Zidane has already convinced the World Cup winner to move to the Spanish capital. (Sport) Lionel Messi can leave Barcelona at the end of this season for nothing, Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has confirmed. However, he added: \"I have no doubt he (Messi) will want to continue until 2021 and we hope after that another year.\" (Sport)Bartomeu has ruled out Barcelona signing Neymar from Paris Saint-Germain in January. The Catalan club are expected to renew their efforts to bring the Brazilian back to the Camp Nou next summer. (Sport)Barcelona wanted to complete an Ivan Rakitic-Federico Bernardeschi exchange with Juventus but the deal fell through when the Serie A side demanded an additional &#163;20m for the Italian international. (Mundo Deportivo) Eden Hazard could make his Real Madrid debut against Levante next weekend after he returned to training on Friday. The Belgian has missed the start of the season due to a thigh injury. (Marca)Italy Chelsea are prepared to offer left-back Emerson a new contract. The 25-year-old's current deal expires in 2022 but the Blues want to extend it by a further year and give the defender a pay rise after he ousted Marcos Alonso from the starting XI. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Matteo Darmian doesn't regret his move to Manchester United despite his lack of regular game time at Old Trafford. He said: \"It was a source of pride and responsibility to wear the shirt. It's an experience I'd do all over again, on and off the field.\" (Sky Italia) France Andr&#233; Villas-Boas claims he turned down an approach from PSG while in charge of Tottenham. \"Nasser Al-Khela&#239;fi used to call me every day,\" the Portuguese said. \"But [sporting director] Leonardo and I did not have a good conversation, there was no feeling between us. So I took my phone and I told Nasser that I will not come in.\" (RMC)  Claudio Marchisio is in talks with Monaco over a free transfer to the Ligue 1 side. The Juventus great is without a club after he left Zenit this summer and is also wanted by Rangers and Flamengo. (RMC) Former Leicester City boss Claudio Ranieri is in talks to become the manager of Guinea, who sacked Paul Put after their last-16 elimination in the African Cup of Nations. (France Football) Portugal La Liga president Javier Tebas hopes Cristiano Ronaldo and Jose Mourinho return to the Spanish top flight in the future. \"I would like to have Cristiano Ronaldo back and for Jose Mourinho to be coaching a Spanish team,\" he said. (Canal 11)  Bruno Fernandes could leave Sporting in January after a summer move failed to materialise. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and several Premier League sides are still interested in the midfielder, who has two goals and four assists this season. (O Jogo) Poland Krystian Bielik has confirmed AC Milan were interested in signing him before he joined Derby County from Arsenal. \"I received an offer from Milan, but then things changed and nothing more was done,\" he said. (Sportowe Fakty) 
Who moved? Who stayed? And which League One club made nine signings? Here's how Deadline Day 2 unfolded&#8230; Done Deals across Scotland, EFL and EuropeTransfer Centre: Deadline Day 2 blogPL exits: The Trip to Italy, with Mkhi and SanchezWith no players able to join Premier League clubs on Deadline Day 2 - a matter teams are set to discuss this month - it was all eyes on the departures lounge on Monday&#8230;Just 18 months after Alexis Sanchez and Henrikh Mkhitaryan swapped clubs, the duo now find themselves in Italy. Sanchez's loan move from Manchester United to Inter was confirmed last week, and on Monday, Arsenal's Mkhitaryan joined Roma on a season-long loan, where he will wear the No 77 shirt.Mkhitaryan joins Roma on season-long loanDarmian leaves Man Utd for Parma United also waved a permanent farewell to Matteo Darmian, who signed for Parma on a four-year contract. United are expected to receive &#163;3.6m from the deal, and have inserted a sell-on clause.Another Premier League departure saw Javier Hernandez leave West Ham to join Sevilla in a deal worth close to &#163;8m, with the Mexican signing a three-year contract.And though Fernando Llorente's contract expired earlier this summer, the Spaniard said goodbye to Tottenham after it was confirmed the striker joined Napoli on a two-year deal. A flurry of loan moves saw Southampton's Mario Lemina and Brighton's Florian Andone join Galatasaray, Chelsea's Kenedy head to Getafe, and Leicester winger Rachid Ghezzal move to Fiorentina. You can scroll down to see some of the more unexpected moves you may have missed...Scottish business: Kent returns, Taylor's a BhoyRangers were in dire need of some positivity after Sunday's disappointing Old Firm defeat - and the return of Ryan Kent will certainly go a long way to improving the mood around Ibrox.The 22-year-old, who spent last season on loan in Glasgow, has re-joined the club from Liverpool in a &#163;7.5m deal, and becomes the second most expensive signing in the club's history after Tore Andre Flo. Across the city Celtic completed a move for Kilmarnock left-back Greg Taylor, who joined for an undisclosed fee, as well as signing Manchester City defender Jeremie Frimpong on a four-year deal and Republic of Ireland Under-21 defender Lee O'Connor from Manchester United.Celtic sign Taylor from KilmarnockKilmarnock, meanwhile, added Osman Sow on loan from Dundee United and Harvey St. Clair on loan from Venezia, Jason Holt joined St Johnstone on loan from Rangers and Adrian Beck joined Hamilton.Around Europe: Keeper swapHaving lost the No 1 battle at Real Madrid to Thibaut Courtois, Keylor Navas upped sticks and joined Paris Saint-Germain for an undisclosed fee, signing a four-year contract with the Ligue 1 champions. The deal also saw Alphonse Areola move the other way on a season-long loan with the option to buy.Another major move saw Mauro Icardi sign a new three-year deal with Inter Milan but also join Paris Saint-Germain on a season-long loan. According to Sky in Italy, PSG will pay the Serie A side an initial loan fee of 5m euros and will have the option to make the move permanent next summer for 65m euros. It was a relatively quiet day in Germany however, with Patrik Schick joining RB Leipzig on loan from Roma the pick of the Bundesliga moves.ICYMI: Begovic moves to Azerbaijan & 'Sorry Man Utd'Unless you were glued to the Deadline Day 2 blog all day, some deals could easily have passed you by...Duncan leaves Liverpool for FiorentinaBobby Duncan's move from Liverpool to Fiorentina was completed on Monday evening, with the 18-year-old striker - who is Steven Gerrard's cousin - joining the Serie A club on a three-year contract with the option for a further two years, Sky Sports News understands. The fee is understood to be &#163;2m, while Liverpool have a 20 per cent sell-on clause.One of the more eye-catching transfers saw Bournemouth goalkeeper Asmir Begovic club Azerbaijan side Qarabag on loan until January. The club have played Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham in recent years, and have been drawn in Sevilla's Europa League group this time around.You may have also missed the one that got away for Manchester United, at least that is according to Almeria, with the Segunda Division side tweeting 'Sorry Man Utd' when announcing the signature of Arvin Appiah from Nottingham Forest. There was also Marcus Edwards - once compared to Lionel Messi by Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino - who joined Portuguese side Vitoria on a permanent deal from Spurs.Neymar heads to&#8230; Miami??It's official. Neymar is going nowhere. Well, kind of. The Paris Saint-Germain forward is currently in Miami after joining up with the Brazil squad, but the forward will not be moving clubs after an intense summer of speculation. The 27-year-old was even willing to pay &#163;17.7m (&#8364;20m) towards securing a deal, Sky Sports News understands, but a move back to Spain did not materialise, as talks over a sensational return to Barcelona broke down, while Real Madrid failed to agree terms for the Brazilian.Upon his return from the international break, Neymar will look to force his way back into Thomas Tuchel's plans having not played a minute for PSG so far this season. How the fans react should he play - having booed him earlier this season - will certainly be one to watch out for later this month. No Deal: The ones that got away&#8230;Besides Neymar, there were several big-name moves which failed to materialise this summer, with Paul Pogba, Christian Eriksen, Bruno Fernandes and Ivan Rakitic all remaining at their respective clubs.Pogba had been linked with Real Madrid as well as a return to Juventus, but the midfielder is staying at Old Trafford, while Eriksen - who admitted in July he would \"like to try something new\" - remains a Spurs player amid reported interest from Real and PSG. Sporting captain Fernandes was wanted by both United and Spurs, while a deadline-day move to Real was also mooted but did not go through. Rakitic, meanwhile, is still at Barcelona amid reports Juve were keen on the Croatian.On Deadline Day 2 itself, Juventus ran out of time in their bid to sign Arsenal defender Shkodran Mustafi, while Dejan Lovren remains a Liverpool player amid interest from Italian clubs.Lovren to stay at LiverpoolJuve to miss out on MustafiEFL - Bolton's 'MANIC' MondayAnd finally, the busiest club of them all...Sky Sports' EFL reporter Simeon Gholam: Bolton's fortunes are finally on the up as new boss Keith Hill made a Deadline Day trolley dash to try and improve their squad.The Trotters are on minus 11 points at the bottom of League One, 15 adrift of safety, and have leaked 17 goals so far this season and scored none. But the club have announced NINE new arrivals to try and help turn their season around.Winger Thibaud Verlinden and midfielder Liam Bridcutt joined on loan from Stoke and Nottingham Forest respectively, while Will Buckley rejoined the club as a free agent after initially leaving at the end of last season.Other free transfers saw (deep breath) Chris O'Grady join from Oldham, Ali Crawford from Doncaster, Josh Emmanuel from Ipswich, Daryl Murphy from Nottingham Forest, Joe Bunney from Northampton, while veteran defender Jake Wright signed on loan from Sheffield United.Phew! 
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.&#160; SpainBarcelona made an approach for Tottenham forward Lucas Moura before the European transfer window closed. The La Liga champions viewed the Brazil forward as an alternative to Neymar but were put off by Spurs' &#163;50m valuation. (Mundo Deportivo) Several Barcelona players are unhappy with the club's board after Ivan Rakitic, Ousmane Dembele, Arturo Vidal and Jean-Clair Todibo were all offered to Paris Saint-Germain as makeweights in a deal for Neymar. (Marca) Real Madrid have agreed to cancel the contract of Brazilian midfielder Lucas Silva, who has spent the last three seasons on loan away from the Bernabeu. (AS)ItalyJuventus have not given up hope of signing Ivan Rakitic from Barcelona and will reignite their interest in the midfielder in January. (Tuttosport) Inter have told Flamengo they must pay around &#163;18m to sign Gabriel Barbosa on a permanent deal. The forward is currently on loan at Brazilian club until December. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Emre Can, Mario Mandzukic and the injured Giorgio Chiellini have all been left out of the Juventus squad for the Champions League group stage. Mattia Perin and Marko Pjaca are also not included. (Various) Mandzukic wants to leave Juventus in January after he failed to secure a move away in the summer. There is interest from the Chinese Super League in the Croatian forward. (Corriere dello Sport) AC Milan CFO Zvonimir Boban says there was little chance of the club signing Luka Modric from Real Madrid. \"Modric is a 'Milanista', has been since he was little. He had so much passion to come but it was never serious. He didn't want to leave Real after one bad season.\" (Sky Italia) Germany Emre Can says he would have left Juventus before the transfer window closed if he knew he'd be left out of the club's Champions League squad. \"If I had learned that three days earlier, I would not have stayed. Their dealing with me was not honest.\" (Kicker)  Arjen Robben believes former teammate Mark van Bommel, who is currently in charge of PSV, can manage Bayern Munich. \"Mark has the character a coach of Bayern needs. If he keeps evolving I'll be able to introduce him to Munich someday.\" (Sport Bild) France Chelsea midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko does not believe he has taken a step back in his career by rejoining Monaco on loan. \"This was a good opportunity to come back here,\" he said. People will say I'm taking a step back by returning but I see it differently.\" (L'Equipe) 
The transfer window has finally closed across Europe but that doesn&#8217;t mean the rumour mill has stopped turning.  So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainReal Madrid have not ended their interest in Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and will attempt to sign the French midfielder next summer. (AS) Barcelona haven't given up on Neymar and will make sure they are able to secure the Brazilian's signing from Paris Saint-Germain ahead of the 2020/21 campaign. (AS) Manchester United will attempt to sign Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak if David de Gea does not renew his contract at Old Trafford. (AS) Real Madrid never submitted a formal offer for Neymar despite calls from the PSG star's father and agent, Neymar Sr, that the Brazilian was open to a move to the Bernabeu. Los Blancos had concerns over the Brazilian's fitness and didn't want to pay the Ligue 1 champions' asking price. (Marca) Shinji Okazaki has left Malaga just a month after joining the club. The former Leicester star didn't play a game for Los Malaguistas as he couldn't be registered due to budget restraints. (Marca) ItalyParis Saint-Germain paid Inter Milan around &#163;10m to take Mauro Icardi on loan and have the option of signing the Argentine forward for &#163;60m next summer. (Sky Italia) Liverpool negotiated a 20 per cent sell-on fee in the deal which took Bobby Duncan to Fiorentina. The 18-year-old forward cost the Serie A side &#163;450,000 with further payment due in bonuses. (Sky Italia) Juventus centre-back Giorgio Chiellini is expected to undergo knee surgery today and could be ruled out for up to six months. (Various) Chiellini's injury meant Juventus stopped Daniele Rugani from leaving Turin. \"We had some opportunities but Juventus preferred to keep him,\" the centre-back's agent Davide Torchia said. (Tuttosport)FranceKieran Trippier believes his move from Tottenham to Atletico Madrid is a step forward in his career. \"For a defender, there is no better place than Atletico,\" the full-back said. \"I'm working with one of the best coaches in the world, and Atletico is one of the biggest teams in Europe. It's a step forward.\" (AFP)Neymar told his Paris Saint-Germain team-mates on Saturday that he would not be moving to Barcelona this summer and that he is ready to play for the Ligue 1 champions. (RMC) GermanyJerome Boateng's move from Juventus to Bayern Munich fell through after the centre-back decided against a move to Turin. (Bild) 
Europe's top leagues have smashed transfer records this summer to strike back at Premier League dominance. Premier League transfer spending has soared in recent years and hit &#163;1.41bn this summer, according to Deloitte figures - just &#163;20m shy of the record set in 2017.That sustained injection of cash appears to have boosted English clubs' success in Europe, achieving an unprecedented clean sweep of finalists in the Europa League and Champions League last season.Neymar stays but who moved on Deadline Day 2?But Europe's remaining top four leagues have all splashed record-breaking sums to bolster defences and firepower to challenge England's dominance at the elite level - with three recording year-on-year hikes that dwarf those on home soil.La Liga smashed the 10-figure threshold for the first time ever with &#163;1.24bn spent - leapfrogging Serie A (&#163;1.06bn) as Europe's second-biggest spenders - followed by Bundesliga (&#163;670m) and Ligue 1 (&#163;605m).Here's how the European empire struck back, in rank order...La LigaSummer spending: &#163;1.24bn (+82 per cent)Top spending club: Real MadridAlthough the much-anticipated return of Neymar to Spain failed to materialise, La Liga clubs still punched heaviest in the battle to reclaim Europe, with Real Madrid prising Eden Hazard from Chelsea, in addition to signing Luka Jovic, Eder Militao, Ferland Mendy and Rodrygo. Meanwhile, Barcelona did battle with their Clasico rivals, drafting Antoine Griezmann, Frenkie de Jong and goalkeeper Neto while Atletico Madrid bolstered their squad with the likes of Joao Felix and Kieran Trippier.But La Liga clubs also offloaded a raft of talent, including Rodri, Lucas Hernandez, Mateo Kovacic, Malcom, Pablo Fornals and Andre Gomes - in addition to loaning out stars such as Philippe Coutinho and Dani Ceballos.Serie ASummer spending: &#163;1.06bn (+17 per cent)Top spending club: JuventusItaly recorded a comparatively low 17 per cent increase in spending, but top incomings included Romelu Lukaku, Danilo, Matthijs de Ligt, Aaron Ramsey, Adrien Rabiot and Diego Godin - with the latter trio on free transfers. Serie A clubs also reduced spending totals by utilising loan moves, recruiting Alexis Sanchez, Chris Smalling, Davide Zappacosta, Matteo Darmian, Fernando Llorente and Henrikh Mkhitaryan from the Premier League on temporary deals.Conversely, emerging talents such as Moise Kean and Joao Cancelo travelled in the opposite direction, while Wolves snapped up Pedro Neto and Bruno Jordao from Braga - having both completed loan periods at Lazio.BundesligaSummer spending: &#163;670m (+68 per cent)Top spending club: Bayern MunichAs was the case last year, there was a notable gulf between the big spenders in La Liga and Serie A and the more modest splurges in the Bundesliga and Ligue 1 - but Germany narrowly edged France.Headline transfers included Lucas Hernandez, Paco Alcacer, Benjamin Pavard, while Philippe Coutinho, Ivan Perisic, Marko Grujic, Ethan Ampadu and Jurgen Locadia secured loan deals. Julian Brandt, Mats Hummels and Thorgan Hazard made headline switches on German soil but numerous stars left Ligue 1 permanently, including Jovic, Joelinton, Sebastien Haller, Abdou Diallo, Renato Sanches and Franck Ribery.Ligue 1Summer spending: &#163;605m (+73 per cent)Top spending club: MonacoLigue 1 ranked bottom of the spending charts for the second successive summer window, but almost doubled expenditure from last year with a 73 per cent increase.Paris Saint-Germain signed Idrissa Gueye from Everton for &#163;29m and snapped up Ander Herrera from Manchester United on a free, in addition to drafting Abdou Diallo, Pablo Sarabia and Keylor Navas from outside France. Other notable Bundesliga incomings included Kasper Dolberg, Wissam Ben Yedder, Abdou Diallo, Gelson Martins and Joachim Anderson - with former Gunner Jeff Reine-Adelaide switching from Angers to Lyon.Arsenal signed William Saliba from Saint-Etienne but immediately loaned the defender back on a season-long deal, while Tiemoue Bakayoko, Mauro Icardi, Alban Lafont and Jean-Kevin Augustin signed temporary deals at Ligue 1 clubs. But while PSG retained Neymar, Ligue 1 lost a number of headline players, such as Premier League-bound Nicolas Pepe, Tanguy Ndombele, Youri Tielemans, Giovani Lo Celso, Ismaila Sarr and Allan Saint-Maximin.Neymar: What happened?Other departing stars included Nabil Fekir, Adrien Rabiot, Ferland Mendy, Mario Balotelli, Grzegorz Krychowiak and Moussa Diaby.Waves of domination in EuropeItalian sides enjoyed a decade-long period of superiority in Europe from the late 1980s and Spanish sides have predominantly dominated for some 15 years - until Liverpool, Spurs, Chelsea and Arsenal made history last season.
European clubs have until tonight to conclude any transfer business meaning we're in for a frantic final few hours as deals conclude or break down. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainIvan Rakitic could leave Barcelona before the transfer window closes with Juventus interested in a deal for the Croatian midfielder. (Marca) Barcelona need a \"miracle\" in order to sign Neymar as the Spanish champions and Paris Saint-Germain are no closer to agreeing a deal for the Brazilian. (Marca) Juventus are prepared to offer one of Blaise Matuidi, Rodrigo Bentancur, Daniele Rugani or Federico Bernardeschi to Barcelona in exchange for Rakitic. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona have laid the foundations to move for Neymar in 2020 after they were unable to sign the Brazilian forward this summer. (AS) Paris Saint-Germain goalkeeper Alphonse Areola has completed his medical ahead of a move to Real Madrid which will see Keylor Navas head to the French capital to become the club's No 1 goalkeeper. (El Chiringuito)Italy Henrikh Mkhitaryan is expected to leave Arsenal and join Roma. The Serie A side will take the Armenia international on loan with an option to buy next summer. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Paris Saint-Germain, Napoli and Valencia are all interested in Inter Milan forward Mauro Icardi and the striker's wife and agent Wanda Nara has hinted the Argentine is finally prepared to leave the Italian club. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Eintracht Frankfurt forward Ante Rebic is set to sign a two-year loan deal with AC Milan, who will have an obligation to sign the Croatian international permanently for around &#163;22m. (Gazzetta dello Sport) And the Bundesliga side will replace Rebic with AC Milan forward Andre Silva. The Portugal international - who was linked with Wolves earlier in the summer - will spend the next two seasons in Germany on loan. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus want to sign an experienced centre-back before the transfer window closes and are interested in Medhi Benatia, who left the club for Al-Duhail in January. (Corriere dello Sport) Paris Saint-Germain are in talks with Juventus over a deal for right-back Mattia De Sciglio. The Serie A side are open to a swap deal for the Italian which would see Thomas Meunier head to Turin. (Corriere dello Sport) Roma have offered striker Patrik Schick to RB Leipzig for the season. The two clubs have been in talks for the past two weeks and the Giallorossi are now prepared to let the Czech forward leave without Leipzig having an obligation to buy. (Sky Italia) Shakhtar Donetsk star Taison is wanted by AC Milan. The 31-year-old Brazilian has a &#163;27m release clause but the Italian side hope to strike a deal for less than that figure. (Sky Italia) Napoli have completed the signing of former Tottenham forward Fernando Llorente. The Spaniard's arrival could end the club's interest in Icardi. (Various) FranceSouthampton midfielder Mario Lemina is wanted by Galatasaray. The Turkish club hope to take the Gabon international on loan after a switch to Monaco fell through. (RMC)Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to let winger Jese join Celta Vigo for nothing despite the Spaniard having two years left on his contract with the Ligue 1 champions. (L'Equipe) PSG attempted to offload Leandro Paredes this summer just six months after signing the Argentine midfielder from Zenit St Petersburg. Real Betis were in discussions over a potential loan move but talks have now ended. (Le Parisien) GermanyJuventus are interested in Arsenal centre-back Shkodran Mustafi as they look to sign a defender before the transfer window closes. (Sky Germany) The Serie A champions are also in talks with Bayern Munich over a potential one-year loan move for Jerome Boateng. (Kicker) Jairo Riedewald is set to leave Crystal Palace and join newly-promoted Bundesliga side Paderbon. (Kicker) Transfer CentreThought the transfer window was closed? Wrong. Across Europe, plenty of deals are still being done, with Premier League players still able to move to the continent.The transfer window for Spain's La Liga, Italy's Serie A, Germany's Bundesliga and France's Ligue 1 closes at varying times on Monday September 2. Meanwhile, League One, League Two and Scottish clubs' can also do deals until September 2.Follow our Transfer Centre blog for all the latest news and rumours from the window...

European football has taken centre stage this week with the return of the Champions League and the Europa League. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the news and gossip emanating from across the continent.SpainBarcelona's 16-year-old sensation Ansu Fati has informed the Spanish Football Federation of his intention to represent Spain. The winger was also eligible to play for Portugal or Guinea-Bissau. (Cadena Ser) Chelsea full-back Marcos Alonso says he was unaware of interest from Atletico Madrid this summer. \"Was there something with Atletico this summer? As far as I know, not really. I renewed last year with Chelsea and I am happy in England.\" (Cadena Ser) Barcelona had the opportunity to sign Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus in the summer of 2014 and were also interested in Manchester City star Sergio Aguero. But then coach Luis Enrique pushed for the signing of Luis Suarez from Liverpool. (Mundo Deportivo) GermanyFormer Tottenham midfielder Lewis Holtby is close to signing with Championship side Blackburn Rovers after the German turned down lucrative moves to the Chinese Super League. (Sport Bild) Bayern Munich and Germany No 1 Manuel Neuer could retire from international football after next summer's European Championships. (Sport Bild) Liverpool are one of the many top European sides that want to strike a deal for Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz next summer. The Reds' interest in the German midfielder is long standing, they first approached Bayer regarding Havertz in 2017. (Sport Bild)  Portugal international Raphael Guerreiro has agreed to a new contract with Borussia Dortmund. \"The basic decision has been made, we are very happy about that because he is an excellent footballer,\" BVB sporting director Michael Zorc has said. (Sky Germany) FranceMonaco could sack Leonardo Jardim for the second time in 12 months. The Portuguese coach departed last October but was reappointed in January and kept the club in Ligue 1. However, a bad start to the season has put him under pressure once more. (L'Equipe) Paris Saint-Germain attempted to sign Karim Benzema from Real Madrid in the summer of 2015 but couldn't agree a fee with the Spanish giants despite the forward being open to a return to France. (Le Parisien)  Lille president Gerard Lopez has revealed the club turned down an offer of &#163;65m from an unnamed Italian club for Jonathan Ikone this summer. (Le Figaro) ItalyDinamo Zagreb turned down several offers this summer for Spanish U21 star Dani Olmo. \"He is a great talent and we have received many offers,\" Dinamo chairman Mirko Barisic said. \"But we decided to keep him, we want to win with him.\" (Tutto Mercato Web) Russia Aleksandr Golovin has explained why he turned down a move to Chelsea or Juventus after the 2018 World Cup. The Monaco midfielder said: \"I said no because I wasn't ready for such a big jump - they are two of the most important clubs in the world.\" (Match TV) 
Juventus are interested in Bayern Munich's Jerome Boateng as a replacement for the injured Giorgio Chiellini, according to Sky in Germany. Chiellini faces several months on the sidelines after suffering ACL damage during a training session this week, and could be seen on crutches during Juve's 4-3 win over Napoli on Saturday.According to Sky in Germany, the Serie A champions have started talks with Boateng over a potential transfer ahead of the European transfer deadline on Monday.Juventus are also looking at Liverpool centre-back Dejan Lovren as well as their former player Medhi Benatia, now at Qatari side Al-Duhail, as other possible options for defensive back-up.Juventus have already signed defenders Matthis de Ligt from Ajax and Merih Demiral from Sassuolo this summer, having seen the experienced Andrea Barzagli retire from professional football at the end of last season.Boateng originally joined Bayern from Manchester City in 2011 and went on to make 287 appearances for the Bavarian club in all competitions.
Barcelona conceded a late penalty in a 2-2 draw with Osasuna, while Bayern Munich thrashed Mainz 6-1. Osasuna's Roberto Torres scored twice as Barcelona dropped points for the second time this season after just three games.La Liga tableTorres gave his side the lead after just seven minutes but Barcelona equalised through 16-year-old Anssumane Fati. Brazilian midfielder Artur gave the La Liga champions the lead before Gerard Pique handled in the box and Torres hit the equaliser. Barcelona lost their first game of the season to Athletic Bilbao, and conceded twice on the way to a 5-2 thrashing of Real Betis last weekend.Barca are still without the injured Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez, though summer signing Antoine Griezmann started up front. Bayern cruise to victory again Robert Lewandowski followed last week's hat-trick with another goal as Bayern Munich battered Mainz.The Bundesliga champions were behind after six minutes when Jean-Paul Boetius opened the scoring for Mainz, but Bayern hit back through David Alaba and Benjamin Pavard before half-time.Bundesliga table Ivan Perisic, on loan from Inter Milan, scored his second Bundesliga goal before Kingsley Coman, Lewandowski and 18-year-old Alphonso Davies made it six.Bayern move up to second after taking seven points from their first two games, but remain behind RB Leipzig who stay top after maintaining their 100 per cent record with victory over Borussia Monchengladbach. Title-rivals Borussia Dortmund gave up their perfect record in a 3-1 defeat to Union Berlin.Koulibaly hands Juve last-gasp victory Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly scored an injury-time own goal to hand Juventus a 4-3 Serie A victory in Turin after the visitors had fought back from three goals down.Goals from Danilo, Gonzalo Higuain and Cristiano Ronaldo gave the Italian champions a 3-0 lead with less than half an hour remaining.Serie A tableBut Napoli refused to give up as Kostas Manolas and Hirving Lozano scored within two minutes of each other before Giovanni Di Lorenzo completed a stunning comeback.But Koulibaly volleyed a free-kick into his own net in stoppage time to hand Juve an early advantage in the Serie A title race.Earlier in the day, AC Milan edged past Brescia thanks to Hakan Calhanoglu's 12th-minute strike. 

Robert Lewandowski has committed his future to Bayern Munich by signing a new four-year deal with the club. The Poland captain has scored 197 goals for the Bundesliga giants since joining from rivals Borussia Dortmund on a free transfer in 2014, finishing as Bundesliga top scorer three times.He is in the running to improve Karl-Heinz Rummenigge's tally of 217 goals for Bayern, with the former player - now the club's current executive board chairman - labelling him as \"the world's best centre-forward\".His current deal was set to expire in June 2021 but he has decided to extend his stay at the Allianz Arena by signing a deal taking him through to 2023.\"Bayern has become my sporting home,\" Lewandowski said. \"Besides, my family and I are happily settled in Munich.\"I'm convinced we'll achieve a lot in the next few years. FC Bayern are one of the three biggest clubs in the world, and we have an outstanding team.\"The 31-year-old has started off his sixth season in Bavaria by scoring five goals in two league games.Lewandowski has won five Bundesliga titles, two DFP-Pokal cups and three Supercup trophies.
