Ajax boss Erik ten Hag says he will not be leaving the club this season, despite interest from Bayern Munich. Sky in Germany report the Dutchman is the Bundesliga champions' top target as they search for a replacement for Niko Kovac.Bayern contact Ten Hag after Kovac departureBayern part ways with KovacBut when asked whether he would remain at Ajax for the rest of the season, Ten Hag said: \"Yes, I can confirm that.\"I feel a strong connection with my team and everyone at Ajax. I can confirm that I stay at Ajax this season.\"The 49-year-old spent two years as the coach of Bayern's reserve side and admitted that he still has strong feelings for the Bavarian club.\"Bayern is a fantastic club and I really enjoyed working there,\" he said. \"It's still in my heart but now I'm at Ajax.\"I'm not a dreamer. I focus on Ajax and live for today.\"However, Sky in Germany report Bayern have already contacted Ten Hag over their vacant managerial position, and Ten Hag did not deny that was the case.\"I can't answer that question,\" he said.Kovac left Bayern on Sunday in the wake of their 5-1 humbling at Frankfurt, his former club.Ten Hag led Ajax to the semi-finals of the Champions League last season, as well as a domestic double.He joined the club in 2017 and will lead them at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday when they take on Chelsea in the Champions League group stages.
Bayern Munich want Ajax boss Erik ten Hag to replace Niko Kovac, who was sacked as manager on Sunday, according to Sky in Germany. Contact has already been made in their efforts to bring the Dutchman to the Allianz Arena, however, Sky in Germany report that the 49-year-old will not be available until the end of the 2019/20 campaign.Since his appointment in 2017, Ten Hag has won the Eredivisie, the Dutch Super Cup and KNVB Cup, and he guided Ajax to the Champions League semi-finals last season.Euro papers: Bayern's &#163;85m Sane budgetLewandowski: Europe's top No 9?The Dutch champions' run in the European Cup included victories over Real Madrid and Juventus during the knockout stages - as Ajax reached the last four of the competition for the first time since 1997.Ajax are undefeated at the start of the season in the league and are six points clear at the top of the Eredivisie after ten wins and two draws.Ten Hag is currently under contract at the Johan Cruyff Arena until 2022. Kovac was sacked as Bayern manager after 16 months in charge, following their 5-1 defeat to his former side Eintracht Frankfurt.CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and the Bavarian club's president Uli Hoeness held discussions with the Croat on Sunday, following the defeat at the Commerzbank Arena on November 2.Bayern are currently fourth in the Bundesliga, four points behind Borussia Monchengladbach after 10 games.Analysis: Why did Bayern pull the plug?Sky Sports' Ron Walker:\"Bayern were only four points off the top of the Bundesliga with plenty of time to improve, and riding high in their Champions League group, but there's a lot more to Niko Kovac's dismissal than the numbers.\"After all, Kovac held onto his job a year ago when his Bayern side trailed Borussia Dortmund by nine points, but was given a stay of execution and rewarded the board by leading the club to the domestic double.\"But patience ran out at the Allianz Arena with the feeling increasingly clear that he could not get the best out of a talented squad, with marquee summer signing Philippe Coutinho in particular panned for his performances in recent weeks.\"Kovac's line-up for Saturday's 5-1 thrashing at Eintracht Frankfurt was criticised by Sky in Germany expert and Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus with a number of players played out of position. \"With that, the coach has to expect consequences,\" he said.\"Given the chance, perhaps the now-departed head coach would have turned things round again. But with the hierarchy seemingly convinced he had lost the support of the players, his days were always numbered.\"
Former Netherlands boss Dick Advocaat has agreed to take over at Feyenoord for the rest of the season after the departure of Jaap Stam. The Dutch club announced the news on Wednesday, two days after Stam resigned from the position after just four months in the job.\"If I can help the club, I'll gladly do it,\" Advocaat said in a statement. \"I'm looking forward to getting on the field and working with the players.\"It continues the recent trend by the 72-year-old coach for stepping in to help teams in trouble.He failed to save Sparta Rotterdam from relegation from the Eredivisie in the 2017-18 season but came in to help Utrecht last season and led them to a place in the Europa League.He saved Sunderland from Premier League relegation in 2015, and has also worked at Rangers, Borussia Monchengladbach, Zenit St Petersburg and Fenerbahce.As well as three stints as Dutch national team coach, he has also led the national teams of Belgium, Russia, Serbia, South Korea and the United Arab Emirates.Feyenoord have made a poor start to the season under Stam, winning three of 11 games and sitting 12th in the Dutch league. They are also bottom of their Europa League group after losses to Rangers and Young Boys.

Former Spurs midfielder Rafael van der Vaart has contacted the club's chairman Daniel Levy to urge him to sign Ajax winger Hakim Ziyech in next summer's transfer window.  The 26-year-old scored a stunning curling strike in Ajax and Tottenham's previous meeting in the Champions League semi-final second leg in May, as Spurs progressed to the final on away goals after the scores finished 3-3 on aggregate.Ziyech was linked with a move to Tottenham during the summer and Van der Vaart, who scored 28 goals in 77 appearances for the club during a two-season spell at White Hart Lane, feels the Morocco international would be a welcome addition to Mauricio Pochettino's squad.'Spurs full-backs were like Dumb and Dumber'Liverpool power through after Spurs scareHarry Redknapp: Spurs don't need new signings\"I really hope he goes to Tottenham Hotspur, I sent a message today to [Daniel] Levy, I said: Get Ziyech after this season,\" Van der Vaart told Voetbal Primeur.\"I am convinced that he becomes a sensation in London, and I also wish him that. \"I hope Spurs takes him and we will see.\"Ziyech scored in Ajax's 4-0 victory over Feyenoord on Sunday and now has five goals in 10 appearances in the Eredivisie, as well as three appearances and one goal in the Champions League at the beginning of the campaign.He excelled in Europe last term and scored a goal in each leg during Ajax's shock 5-3 aggregate win over Real Madrid in the last 16. He has just under three years remaining on his current Ajax contract after signing an extension in August.Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso, Ryan Sessegnon, Kion Etete and Jack Clarke all arrived in north London last summer - although the latter was loaned back to Leeds.Tottenham also tried to sign Juventus forward Paulo Dybala but Sky Sports News understands the club are now tracking Brazil and Gremio's Everton Soares.
Thousands of Ajax fans are set to attend Leyton Orient's Leasing.com Trophy game against Brighton U21s, after UEFA banned them from going to the Champions League fixture against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. More than 2,000 Ajax supporters are planning on visiting the 9,271-capacity Brisbane Road, home of Sky Bet League Two side Orient, promoted from the National League last season.UEFA banned Ajax fans from the Champions League game against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on November 5 following crowd trouble in their fixture at Valencia.Ajax fans banned from Chelsea matchFletcher named new Leyton Orient bossThe ban comes following a suspended sentence imposed after Ajax's Champions League game against Benfica last season.Ajax have requested additional information from UEFA and have the right to lodge an appeal against the sanctions, while many of their fans have been left in limbo having already booked flights and accommodation in London. One Ajax fan took to Twitter, writing: \"Dear @leytonorientfc, are you willing to host 2,000 Ajax fans?\"We are systematically and unlawfully screwed by @UEFA and @metpoliceuk. Lots of us booked transport and hotels already and will travel. You might risk a great atmosphere and memories forever. Kind regards.\"Leyton Orient said in a club statement: \"We're aware of the interest from AFC Ajax supporters in attending the Leasing.com Trophy match against Brighton and Hove Albion U21s on November 5 at the Breyer Group Stadium.\"We will be entering in communication with AFC Ajax in how best to facilitate this.\"

Chelsea have launched an investigation after being told their young striker Ike Ugbo has not been paid while on loan at Dutch side Roda JC. Ugbo has made a strong impression in the Netherlands, scoring four goals in seven games, but the club has significant debts and currently sit 17th in the Dutch second division.It is understood the 21-year-old is on a much higher salary than his current team-mates in Holland, and he has not been paid his September wages.The vast majority of Ugbo's salary is paid for by Chelsea.Some reports have suggested the money set aside to pay Ugbo was instead used to pay the rest of the squad.Ugbo has had previous loan spells with Scunthorpe, MK Dons and Barnsley.
International football takes centre stage this week but, across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round-up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid are prepared to pay &#163;25m for Christian Eriksen in January rather than risk the midfielder signing a new contract with Tottenham during the second half of the season. (Marca) Erling Haaland's list of suitors continues to swell with Real Madrid interested in the Red Bull Salzburg striker. The 19-year-old has scored 18 goals in 11 games this term and has been linked with Juventus, Manchester United, Liverpool and several other top sides. (AS) Ivan Rakitic admits he could leave Barcelona in January after losing his place in the starting XI. \"I want the best for Barcelona and I want to fight to make sure I'm ready when the team needs me. But if I see that things don't change, I'll talk to the club.\" (AS) Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz is being monitored by Barcelona and Real Madrid but neither is prepared to pay &#163;70m for the Germany international. (Mundo Deportivo) Germany Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke offered Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp the chance to return to the German club in the summer of 2018. \"I knew Jurgen would [decline] - he will fulfil his contract in Liverpool. But I would not have forgiven myself for not asking him at that moment.\" (Bild)Emre Can is unhappy at Juventus due to his lack of first-team football this season and the club's decision to omit him from their Champions League squad. \"I'm not happy right now,\" he said. \"I haven't had a chance this season but I hope that when I return that will change.\" (Bild)ItalySampdoria are set to appoint Claudio Ranieri as their new head coach. The Italian has been out of work since leaving Roma at the end of last season. (Tuttosport) Dries Mertens and Jose Callejon are set to leave Napoli next summer when their contracts with the Serie A side expire. Both have been offered new deals by the Serie A club but neither have been convinced to sign. (Tuttosport) Mertens will explore the possibility of a move to MLS next summer but the Belgian could have a lucrative offer to join the Chinese Super League in January. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Lautaro Martinez will sign a new contract with Inter Milan despite interest from Barcelona. \"He is very happy at Inter and will soon sign a new contract with the club,\" the striker's agent Beto Yaque said. \"He is not thinking about anything else.\" (CalcioMercato) FranceLaurent Blanc, Rudi Garcia and Santos manager Jorge Sampaoli are all in the running to take over at Lyon, who sacked Sylvinho this week after a wretched start to the campaign. (L'Equipe) 
Henrikh Mkhitaryan scored on his Roma debut to help new boss Paulo Fonseca to his first victory with a 4-2 win over Sassulo. The Armenia international, who joined the capital club on loan from Arsenal on transfer deadline day, scored his side's third goal as the visitors were put to the sword in the first half.Dzeko hails Mkhitaryan after Roma debutRoma were 4-0 up inside 33 minutes thanks to Bryan Cristantes header, a volley from Edin Dzeko, Mkhitaryan's low strike and a composed finish from Justin Kluivert.The visitors rallied in the second half through Domenico Berardi's double but it was too little too late.The result moves Roma into seventh place on five points, four behind leaders Inter Milan, while Sassuolo are 12th after taking three points from their opening three games.Earlier in the day, SPAL stunned European hopefuls Lazio as they came from behind to win 2-1 thanks to Jasmin Kurtic's late winner.Bologna also went joint-second after pulling off a remarkable comeback in Brescia, recovering from a 3-1 half-time deficit to win 4-3 after Daniele Dessena was sent off for the hosts shortly after the break.Duvan Zapata scored a stunning stoppage-time strike to earn Atalanta a 2-1 victory at Genoa, while Cagliari won 3-1 away to Parma.Sevilla go top of La Liga Joan Jordan's goal proved enough for Sevilla to win at Alaves and go to the top of La Liga for the first time this season.Atletico Madrid's 3-2 defeat at Real Sociedad on Saturday night ended the league's only perfect record and Sevilla took advantage of the slip up with a comfortable 1-0 victory.Jordan curled in a brilliant free-kick with 25 minutes on the clock and it proved enough in the Basque country, as Sevilla passed up numerous chances to double their lead. Alaves failed to have a single shot on target in their first defeat of the season and remain mid-table.Elsewhere, Celta Vigo had Saenz and Beltran sent off in the opening 29 minutes at home to Granada and subsequently suffered a 2-0 defeat to the newly-promoted side.Ligue 1Califa Koulibaly's goal was enough to move Nantes up to fourth with a 1-0 win over Stade Reims, who missed the chance to move into the top half and remain 11th. Elsewhere, ex-Leeds and Bournemouth winger Max Gradel scored against his former club in Toulouse's 2-2 draw at Saint-Etienne, where the hosts clawed back from a two-goal deficit.Marseille showed great fighting spirit to come back from two goals down to beat Monaco 4-3 - a result that leaves their opponents winless this season. BundesligaDavid Wagner's Schalke came from behind to triumph 5-1 at second-bottom Paderborn, a win which moved them up to sixth in the table with seven points from four games.Cauly headed promoted Paderborn in front in the eighth minute before Salif Sane equalised with a header of his own in the 33rd. Suat Serder's deflected shot gave Schalke the lead four minutes after the break and Amine Harit, set up by on-loan Everton full-back Jonjoe Kenny, then made it 3-1 in the 71st minute.Substitute Ahmed Kutucu and Harit netted in the 83rd and 85th minutes respectively as Schalke wrapped up an emphatic win that took them up to sixth.
The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyManchester United have a verbal agreement with Mario Mandzukic to sign the striker from Juventus in the January transfer window. (Tuttosport) Juventus and Napoli are the latest clubs to show interest in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European sides after a hugely impressive start to the campaign. (Corriere dello Sport) Inter Milan could make an offer for Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic in January. The Serbian's contract expires next summer, although United have the option to extend it for a further year. (FCInterNews)Napoli made an approach for Genk midfielder Sander Berge in the summer, the club's president Peter Croonen has revealed. \"Napoli asked for information,\" he said. \"I think the figures that have been mentioned, around &#163;18-22m, is a fair valuation.\" (Radio Kiss Kiss)SpainTottenham will look to sell Christian Eriksen for &#163;30m in January rather than losing the Dane for nothing when his contract expires next summer. Real Madrid are set to hold talks with the Premier League club in the coming weeks over a winter transfer. (AS) Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga has admitted he would like to end his career with Athletic Bilbao, the club he left to join the Blues in 2018. (AS) Sergio Ramos would like to represent Spain at next year's Olympic Games, which begins just ten days after the 2020 European Championships final. \"I admire Ramos and am delighted he wants to be with us,\" Spain Under-21 Luis de la Fuente coach said. (El Transistor)FranceJose Mourinho has turned down the chance to take over at Lyon as the Portuguese coach is holding out for a Premier League job. (RMC Sport) Lyon have turned their attention to Laurent Blanc and plan to hold talks with the former France and Paris Saint-Germain manager today. (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller had offers from Inter Milan, AC Milan and China in the summer but chose to remain with the Bundesliga giants. However, the Raumdeuter is now prepared to leave the club over a lack of playing time. (Kicker) Schalke will offer Alexander Nubel a &#163;60,000-a-week contract - which will contain a buyout clause - to try to convince the goalkeeper against moving to Bayern Munich when his current deal expires next summer.  (Kicker) Turkey Fenerbahce have held talks with Arsenal in an attempt to sign Mesut Ozil on loan from the Gunners in January. The German star has played just 142 minutes for the Premier League side this season. (Takvim)BelgiumDries Mertens will not be lured away from Europe by a lucrative contract if he leaves Napoli at the end of the season: \"I don't see myself signing for a club in China or Qatar. I hope to play for as long as possible in Europe at the highest level.\" (RBTF) 
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid will make a bid for Tottenham star Christian Eriksen in January and could offer Luka Modric to Spurs as part of a deal for the Dane. (El Desmarque) Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea and agent Jorge Mendes are exploring the possibility of becoming owners of Spanish second-tier side Elche. (Cope Elche) Barcelona have not contacted River Plate manager Marcelo Gallardo about taking over at the Camp Nou mid-season if Ernesto Valverde is sacked. (Sport) Real Madrid will not look to cut short Martin &#216;degaard's loan at Real Sociedad in January. Los Blancos will assess whether to bring the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (Marca) Ajax full-back Nicolas Tagliafico turned down the opportunity to join Atletico Madrid this summer: \"I did not want to push the situation between me and Ajax so I decided to stay another year. We shall see next summer.\" (Cadena Cope)Victor Valdes could leave his position as coach of Barcelona's Juvenil A side after a falling out with Barca academy director Patrick Kluivert. (Catalunya Radio) ItalySpurs star Heung-Min Son's agent has talked up a future move to Napoli. \"Why not? Never say never in football,\" Thies Bliemeister said. \"Son likes Italy, the food, the people. It's not easy to take him from Tottenham, he costs a lot. But, one day, who knows?\" (Radio Marte) Takumi Minamino is the latest Red Bull Salzburg player to be linked with a move to Liverpool. The Reds are also reportedly interested in striker Erling Haaland and 18-year-old Dominik Szoboszlai. (CalcioMercato) Willian will be offered a new contract by Chelsea as the Blues do not want to lose the Brazilian next summer for nothing. (CalcioMercato) Carlo Ancelotti could leave Napoli at the end of the season if the club fail to mount a Serie A title challenge or struggle in the Champions League knockout stages. (Corriere dello Sport)Chelsea full-back Davide Zappacosta's loan spell at Roma could be cut short in January after he suffered an ACL injury in training. The Italy international may miss up to five months of football. (Various) Luciano Spalletti will not take over at AC Milan if the club part company with Marco Giampaolo. \"It's rubbish,\" he said. \"Let Giampaolo work, he is the rising star of Italian coaching.\" (Top Calcio 24)Sampdoria will turn to Claudio Ranieri or Stefano Pioli if they decide to sack Eusebio Di Francesco after Saturday's fixture against Verona. (Il Secolo XIX) FranceLaurent Koscielny has revealed why he forced a move away from Arsenal this summer. \"The Premier League requires a lot, physically and mentally,\" the Bordeaux defender said. \"I didn't feel I could play 40-50 matches and I didn't want to end with injuries. I've gone down a level, but take more pleasure. I can only say that I left with my head held high.\" (L'Equipe) Tiemoue Bakayoko, who returned to Monaco this summer on loan from Chelsea, has opened up on his struggles at Stamford Bridge. \"There are things that aren't explainable, things that will stay between me and the club. It didn't click. There's a bit of a disappointment but sometimes that happens. You just need to carry on.\" (Canal+)
The transfer window is closed until January but there is still plenty of juicy news stories emerging across the continent, from potential managerial changes to contract extensions and potential signings for 2020. Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest...ItalyManchester United have made former Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri their primary candidate to replace Ole Gunnar Solskj&#230;r if the club decide to sack the Norwegian coach. (Tuttosport) Fikayo Tomori is the next Chelsea academy graduate set for an improved contract. The centre-back has impressed this season and is expected to follow Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Mason Mount and Callum Hudson-Odoi in signing a new deal. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Chelsea will also open contract talks with Emerson after he established himself as the club's first-choice left-back. The Blues will offer the Italian international a five-and-a-half-year deal. (TuttoMercatoWeb)Manchester United scouts have watched Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali on several occasions this season. The 19-year-old has been dubbed the 'new Pirlo' and would cost around &#163;40m. (Calciomercato) Spain Real Madrid are monitoring Manchester City star Raheem Sterling ahead of a potential move for the England international. (Mundo Deportivo) Lionel Messi needed one training session to know Barcelona's 16-year-old winger Ansu Fati was a special talent. \"He got my attention the first time I saw him train, but he has to go step-by-step,\" the Argentine said. \"He has the potential to be very important but we have to help him.\" (Sport)Ernesto Valverde does not feel under pressure despite Barcelona's poor start to the season. \"Crisis? Football is like this. You go into crisis in three days and out in the same way. The best way for everything to be calm is to add six points in the next two games.\" (Sport)Brazilian youngster Rodrygo, who joined Real Madrid this summer for &#163;35m, has played just 90 minutes of football this season and is stuck in \"no man's land\" between the first-team and Real's B side. (AS) France Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot is unhappy with his lack of first-team football this season. Rabiot arrived on a free transfer this summer after leaving Paris Saint-Germain but has played just 27 minutes under Maurizio Sarri. (Soccer Link) GermanyBorussia Dortmund scouts will monitor the progress of Celtic forward Odsonne Edouard this season ahead of a potential move next summer. (Sky Germany) 
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.Italy Diego Costa could leave Atletico Madrid next summer with clubs in China and Qatar interested in the former Chelsea striker. Costa has struggled since he rejoined Atleti in January 2018 and has scored just five La Liga goals. (CalcioMercato)Former Leicester City and Nantes boss Claudio Ranieri could make a return to Ligue 1 management with Saint-Etienne interested in appointing the 67-year-old. (CalcioMercato)Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to offer full-back Thomas Meunier a new contract rather than lose him for nothing next summer. Several Premier League sides have been linked with the Belgian. (CalcioMercato)Watford scouts attended Brescia's 2-1 defeat to Juventus on Tuesday to run their eye over centre-back Andrea Cistana ahead of a potential move in January. Villarreal are also interested in the 22-year-old. (TuttoMercatoWeb) SpainFrenkie de Jong has confirmed he turned down Manchester City and PSG before signing with Barcelona. \"If it had not been Barcelona it would've been PSG or Manchester City,\" he said. \"My choice was Barcelona because they showed me the most love.\" (El Periodico)Boca Juniors are set to make a contract offer to Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 37-year-old striker's current deal with LA Galaxy expires in December. (AS) Barcelona legend Carles Puyol has turned down an offer from president Josep Maria Bartomeu to return to the club as sporting director. (AS) Germany Eintracht Frankfurt expected Bayern Munich to make a move for Sebastien Haller before the striker left for West Ham United. \"I always thought they would call us at some point for Haller, as a back-up for Lewandowski,\" sporting director Fredi Bobic said. (Sport Bild) RB Leipzig sporting director Markus Krosche believes Ademola Lookman will become an important part of the club's Bundesliga title challenge. \"He didn't play regularly at Everton last season and has to get back to the rhythm. He's on a very good path and will be extremely important for us.\" (Bild) Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes Philippe Coutinho will bring out the best of Robert Lewandowski \"He is a world-class player who makes the difference and is the ideal partner for Robert Lewandowski. We can expect a lot from this duo.\" (SID) FranceParis Saint-Germain are considering talks with Neymar over new contract. The Brazilian star remained in the French capital this summer despite wanting to return to Barcelona. (Le10Sport) 
Domestic football returns today following a thrilling week of international action and Europe&#8217;s back pages reflect an enticing schedule. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.GermanyManchester United will offer &#8364;75m (&#163;66.9m) for Real Madrid's German midfielder Toni Kroos. Real wanted to sign Paul Pogba from the Premier League side this summer and could use Kroos as a makeweight. (BILD)Having already secured Timo Werner's future with the club, RB Leipzig will make goalkeeper Peter Gulacsi and attacker Emil Forsberg their next targets to tie down to long-term deals. (BILD)Bayern Munich have joined the chase for Napoli star Fabian Ruiz who is also wanted by Real Madrid, Juventus and Liverpool. (SportBild)ItalyTeenage Tottenham forward Troy Parrott is being targeted by Juventus, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. (Calciomercato)Unwanted at Juventus and having rejected a move to Qatar already, Croatian forward Mario Mandzukic - who has also been linked with West Ham - could join Major League Soccer franchise LAFC. (Sky Sports Italy)Milan's Ante Rebic has revealed he turned down the advances of rivals Inter this summer to join the club on a two-year loan deal from Eintracht Frankfurt. (Calciomercato)Southampton have shown an interest in Anderlecht's 18-year-old midfielder Yari Verschaeren. (Calciomercato)Milan are interested in Udinese's Argentine international Rodrigo de Paul. The attacking midfielder almost joined Fiorentina in the summer while Inter and Napoli have previously shown interest. It is expected he would cost &#8364;35m (&#163;31.2m). (Tuttomercato)Spain Having missed out on re-signing Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar this summer, Barcelona will switch their focus to his PSG team-mate Kylian Mbappe. (Mundo Deportivo)Mbappe's younger brother, Ethan, is in Madrid this week - but not to sign for Real. The 13-year-old is playing with PSG at the Madrid Football Cup, a prestigious 32-team tournament which brings youth sides from across the globe together. (AS)Jose Mourinho has left the door open to the possibility of returning to coach Real Madrid one day, saying: \"I have always emerged as a serious, honest uncle, who has given everything and has open doors. I'm friends with my presidents, even the presidents who threw me out, and that's how I like it to be. I have no problem telling you that when you leave after three years in Madrid, you are Real Madrid.\" (AS)France Paris Saint-Germain will have Neymar from the start for the first time this season for the Ligue 1 clash against Strasbourg. (Le Parisien)PSG will target Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Kai Havertz as a replacement for Neymar. It won't be easy for sporting director Leonardo to persuade the German schemer to move to the French capital, though, as Real Madrid, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are all keen. (Le10Sport)PSG coach Thomas Tuchel had hoped to sign Dortmund left-back Raphael Guerreiro this summer but the Portuguese looks set to sign a contract extension with BVB. Sporting director Michael Zorc said: \"We have continued to talk to him in recent weeks and we have a general agreement between the club and the player about an extension of the contract until 2023. I am very much we'll be sure we can do it.\" (Le10Sport)
The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window.  So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainTottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen hopes Real Madrid renew their reported interest in him in January. The Dane has already stated his desire to embark on a new challenge. (Marca)Spain's national team coach Roberto Moreno has confirmed the Spanish FA are trying to nationalise Barcelona prodigy Ansu Fati. The 16-year-old, who was born in Guinea Bissau, became Barca's youngest ever scorer earlier this season and scored his second - as well as assisting another - in Saturday's 5-2 win over Valencia. \"The people of the Spanish FA are working on it to bring Ansu Fati and then it will be the decision of the player,\" Moreno told Movistar+. (Marca)Former Barcelona forward Paco Alcacer says he was treated 'very badly' at the Nou Camp during his two-and-a-half-year stay. The Spaniard joined Borussia Dortmund on loan at the start of last season before making the switch permanent in January and, speaking ahead of the clubs' Champions League meeting, said: \"I have respect for many people and many colleagues, as many people at Barcelona treated me very well and others very badly.\" (Cadena Ser)Real Madrid have revealed in their accounts they anticipate their total wage bill to increase by &#8364;62m (&#163;55.3m) for the next financial period after a summer in which they made six senior signings and saw players who had been out on loan - James Rodriguez being one example - return to the Bernabeu. (AS)Euro round-up: Neymar scores wonder goalItalyMilan rivals AC and Inter will battle it out to sign out-of-favour Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic this January. The 31-year-old has played in just 89 minutes of Premier League action this season. (Corriere dello Sport)At one point Juventus' French midfielder Blaise Matuidi was surplus to requirements in Turin and the Bianconeri were actively seeking to sell the 31-year-old. But things have changed. Now the World Cup winner will be offered a contract extension by the Italian champions. (Calciomercato)Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio says the Nerazzurri have not opened contract talks with Argentine forward Lautaro Martinez yet despite the 22-year-old's impressive start to the season. \"We are happy with the performance of Lautaro,\" Ausilio told DAZN. \"The renewal of the contract is not something on the agenda, it is a very young guy who still has a four-year contract with us. We will have time for the contract.\" (Tuttomercato)GermanyRB Leipzig forward Timo Werner had looked set to join Bayern Munich this summer with all parties agreeing on a deal. Crucially, though, Bayern's sporting direction Hasan Salihamidzic did not and the Germany international remained at RBL where he has signed a new contract. (Suddeutsche Zeitung)West Ham striker Sebastien Haller had been considered as an option for Bayern Munich but the French forward, who joined the Hammers from Eintracht Frankfurt for &#163;45m, was considered too expensive by the Bavarians. (TZ)Poch and Becks: He wants to play for SpursFranceReal Madrid will return with an offer for Kylian Mbappe next summer. The World Cup winner was convinced to remain at Paris Saint-Germain for another season by his entourage but is desperate to join Los Blancos who, with the aid of a &#8364;285m (&#163;254m) loan, will have the means to make a deal happen. (Le10Sport)Monaco's former Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas says he always felt Neymar's potential return to the Catalan club was 'difficult' to see happening. \"I always thought Neymar's return to Barcelona was very difficult,\" the Spaniard said. \"Not because Barca, PSG or Neymar didn't want it to happen, but because it costs too much. Barcelona has made large investments in recent years, they have taken Neymar which has cost a lot and the salaries of the players are very high. I played with Neymar, he is a humble guy, with an incredible talent.\" (RMC Sport) David Beckham's Major League Soccer franchise, Inter Miami CF, are interested in making Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale one of their marquee signings. (Maxifoot)Marseille coach Andre Villas-Boas closed the door on a potential loan deal for Tottenham midfielder Victor Wanyama who was available this summer. (France Football)
Lee Cattermole has signed a one-year deal with VVV-Venlo after a successful trial period with the Eredivisie side. The 31-year-old left Sunderland in July after a 10-year association with the club, saying it was \"the right time to find a new challenge.\"Cattermole joins former team-mate Jerome Sinclair in the Netherlands for his first venture in professional football outside of the United Kingdom.\"The club arrived at the right time,\" Cattermole told the club's website. \"They offered me a new chance.\"I am therefore very happy that after so many seasons in England I can now work in the Netherlands at a great Eredivisie club such as VVV-Venlo.\"With my experience I can contribute to the development of this young team. I want to move forward with VVV.\"Cattermole, who originally joined the club from Wigan for &#163;6m in 2009, scored seven goals in 36 appearances last term as the Black Cats lost the League One play-off final to Charlton.He made 261 appearances for the club, playing at Premier League, Championship and League One level.
With the international break now over, club football once again takes centre stage and that means there is plenty of news emerging across Europe.   And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from the continent.SpainSeveral Barcelona directors want the club to end their pursuit of Neymar and instead look to strike a deal with Paris Saint-Germain for Kylian Mbappe. The French star will have just two years left on his contract at the end of this season. (Mundo Deportivo)Jose Mourinho, who was sacked by Manchester United in December, is in no rush to return to coaching. \"I will only return when an offer comes that makes me feel like it is the right time.\" (Mundo Deportivo) Gareth Bale is the latest star linked with a move to David Beckham's MLS franchise Inter Miami. Edinson Cavani and Luis Suarez are also on the former England captain's wanted list. (El Confidencial)Real Madrid and Barcelona are monitoring the future of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz and could enter the race to sign the 20-year-old midfielder next summer. (AS)Live football on Sky Sports this weekHow to watch Premier League highlightsItalyFormer Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri believes this summer was the right time to leave the Serie A giants: \"I don't regret the decision I made with Juventus, things mustn't be forced. After five years, it was time to take a break.\" (Padova Sport)Gonzalo Higuain was not prepared to leave Juventus this summer as he was confident of winning a place in Maurizio Sarri's side. \"As soon as I returned to Turin I had a clear idea that I wanted to stay,\" he said. \"I came back to work here, to try to show my worth.\" (Sky Italia)GermanyBayern Munich considered moves for Sebastian Haller and Max Kruse as they searched for a deputy for Robert Lewandowski. The Bundesliga champions eventually decided Thomas Muller could stand-in for the Pole. (Frankfurter Rundschau)Marcus Thuram, who was linked with Arsenal and Marseille throughout the summer, has explained why he opted to sign with Borussia Monchengladbach. \"They were the first club to make contact, so I had given my word to Max Eberl and Borussia, the decision was made.\" (Kicker) Get a Sky Sports Day Pass for one-off payment of &#163;9.99Find out more about Sky Sports hereFranceFormer PSG and AC Milan forward Jeremy Menez is in talks with Ligue 2 club Paris FC. Menez is available on a free transfer having left Mexican side Club America last month. (Le Parisien) Menez's return to the French capital is likely after Marseille opted against signing the 32-year-old on a free transfer as cover for Florian Thauvin, who is out for three months due to injury. OM have also turned down the opportunity to bring in Hatem Ben Arfa. (L'Equipe)
International football has taken centre stage this week but there is still plenty going on at club level in the UK and across Europe.  So we asked Football Whispers to round up all the latest gossip and news from across the continent.Spain Lionel Messi's contract contains a clause which allows him to leave Barcelona for free at the end of every season. (El Pais) Messi would be able to join any rival club for nothing as long as he informed Barca before the end of April of his decision to terminate his contract. (Cadena Ser) Manchester City were offered the chance to sign Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona this summer but Pep Guardiola wasn't interested in the former Liverpool star. (Marca) Napoli have started contract talks with Fabian Ruiz after Real Madrid and Barcelona were linked with the midfielder this summer. \"The club and my representatives are negotiating and I hope an agreement is reached soon,\" Ruiz said. (Marca) Juventus will make a move for Ivan Rakitic when the transfer window reopens in January. The Barcelona midfielder was wanted by the Bianconeri this summer but a deal couldn't be agreed. (AS) Barcelona will continue to monitor the transfer market for an out-and-out No 9. The La Liga champions brought in Antoine Griezmann this summer but want to sign a forward with a physical presence. (AS) ItalyInter are interested in signing Tottenham star Christian Eriksen at the end of his contract. The Dane's current deal expires next summer and he is set to leave Spurs for nothing. (Tuttosport) Mauro Icardi hopes to return to Inter Milan in the future, according to his agent and wife Wanda Nara. \"Relationships have deteriorated due to misunderstandings but his desire to play for Inter and his love of the fans remain,\" she said. (Corriere della Sera) PortugalSporting president Frederico Varandas says Tottenham failed in their pursuit of Bruno Fernandes because they included bonuses based on winning the Premier League and Champions League. \"That's never going to happen,\" Varandas said. (Visao de Mercado)The Portuguese club also turned down the opportunity to sign Yannick Bolasie earlier this summer but opted to take the Everton winger on loan after they were unable to find an alternative. (O Jogo) FranceJuventus midfielder Blaise Matuidi says Paris Saint-Germain did not try to re-sign him this summer. \"All that talk in the papers of PSG was not true,\" he said. \"I've always said I'm happy at Juve, one of the best clubs in the world.\" (L'Equipe)  Germany Borussia Dortmund star Mario Gotze was close to signing for Inter in August but a deal couldn't be agreed. Inter could return for the German in January or sign him next summer when his contract expires in 2020. (Ruhr Nachrichten)Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong says he and the club have started talks over a new contract. \"We are talking but it's still too early to say anything. The season is still long and we will see what happens,\" the winger explained. (Voetbal International) TurkeyLiverpool will monitor the form of Trabzonspor goalkeeper Ugurcan Cakir throughout the season ahead of a planned move for the 23-year-old next summer. (Aksam) 
The end of the European transfer window is in sight and there are still several high-profile deals to be completed before September 2.  So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to scour the European press and bring you all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainZinedine Zidane hasn't given up hope of Paul Pogba arriving at Real Madrid before the transfer window closes. Zidane is fixated on the Manchester United midfielder and has quashed deals for Christian Eriksen and Donny van de Beek. (Marca) Barcelona director Javier Bordas believes the Liga side have made progress in their attempt to re-sign Neymar from Paris Saint-Germain. \"There's still no deal but we're negotiating and we're closer,\" he said. (Marca) The key to Neymar's return could be Ousmane Dembele. PSG turned down an offer of &#163;155m to be paid over two instalments from Barcelona and will instead demand the French winger is included as part of any deal. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Sociedad and Arsenal remain in talks over a deal for Nacho Monreal but it has yet to be struck. The left-back has agreed a two-year contract with the Spanish club, however. (Mundo Deportivo) Former Liverpool target Munas Dabbur is set to leave Sevilla without playing a single minute of football for the club. The striker was signed from Red Bull Salzburg in January but only joined the Liga side in June. Two months on and he is set to join Bordeaux. (AS) Atletico Madrid striker Nikola Kalinic is set to join Roma. The Croatian will be a replacement for Patrik Schick, who is expected to join RB Leipzig on a season-long loan. (AS)ItalyManchester United and Inter Milan have finally agreed terms over Alexis Sanchez's loan move. The Serie A side will pay around a quarter of the Chilean's salary but will not have an option to buy next summer. (Sky Italia) AC Milan have reignited their interest in Gremio winger Everton, who was linked with a move to Arsenal earlier this summer. The Brazilian impressed at this summer's Copa America and would cost around &#163;35m. (Sky Italia) Lazio are prepared to offer Sergej Milinkovic-Savic a new contract amid interest from Manchester United and Inter. The Serbian's current deal expires in the summer of 2023. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Transfer Centre LIVE!Inter agree Sanchez loan dealRoma are prepared to make another offer for Liverpool defender Dejan Lovren after the Italian side were unable to strike a deal with Juventus for Daniele Rugani. (Corriere dello Sport) Napoli are expected to complete the signing of Fernando Llorente in the coming days. The Spaniard is available on a free transfer and was also courted by Inter and Manchester United. (Corriere dello Sport) Inter chairman Steven Zhang and the club's CEO Beppe Marotta met with Mauro Icardi this week to reiterate the striker has no future at San Siro. Juventus remain interested in the Argentine but will not match Inter's &#163;55m asking price. (Tuttosport) France New Nice president Bob Ratcliffe has confirmed Patrick Vieira's role as manager is safe after Ineos Football completed their takeover. \"He will be very important to our project and the way he works with young players is very interesting,\" Ratcliffe said. (L'Equipe) Nantes are interested in DC United star Luciano Acosta. The Argentine was wanted by Paris Saint-Germain earlier this year and was linked with Manchester United after Wayne Rooney said the midfielder was one of the best players he'd lined up alongside. (France Football) Germany After a move to Bayern Munich failed to materialise, RB Leipzig forward Timo Werner is prepared to leave German football next summer for a club with ambitions of winning the Champions League. (Sport Bild) HollandBrighton striker Jurgen Locadia is set join Bundesliga side Hoffenheim on loan. The 25-year-old, who was signed for &#163;15m from PSV Eindhoven, has scored just six goals for the Seagulls. (AD)

With just a week remaining for clubs in Spain, Italy, Germany and France to sign players, the European transfer window is once again hotting up.  So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to scour the European press and bring you all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Find out more about Sky SportsLatest Sky Sports podcastsItalyFiorentina are interested in Manchester United midfielder Fred. The Brazilian has struggled since his move from Shakhtar Donetsk last summer and hasn't featured in a matchday squad this season. (La Nazione)Arsenal have been told to lower their &#163;25m asking price for Shkodran Mustafi by the defender's father and agent. \"It's best for both sides to work on a transfer but for that it also needs market-driven transfer fees,\" Kujtim Mustafi said. (Tuttosport) Mauro Icardi has turned down several lucrative offers to leave Inter this summer, according to his wife and agent Wanda Nara. The forward is set to remain at the San Siro despite not being in Antonio Conte's first-team plans. (Gazzetta dello Sport) AC Milan haven't given up hope of signing Angel Correa from Atletico Madrid and the club's chief football officer Zvonimir Boban is in Spain to continue talks over a deal for the Argentine. (Corriere dello Sport) If AC Milan are unable to land Correa they will make an offer to Real Madrid for James Rodriguez. The Colombian is also wanted by Napoli.  (Corriere dello Sport)Roma will step up their attempts to sign centre-back Daniele Rugani from Juventus after Paulo Fonseca's side started their Serie A campaign with a 3-3 draw against Genoa. (Corriere dello Sport)There is speculation over the future of Rodrigo De Paul after the Udinese star started their Serie A opener on the substitutes' bench. There has been interest in the Argentine from Atletico Madrid, Napoli and Fiorentina. (Football Italia)Inter and Monaco have held talks over a swap deal involving Joao Mario and Pietro Pellegri. Both players would leave their respective clubs on an initial season-long loan deal. (Sport Mediaset) SpainThomas Tuchel is frustrated that he can't select Neymar until the Brazilian's future is clear. \"Leonardo knows I want to fix these things, it depends on him,\" the PSG head coach said. \"It's not my decision. If it were I would have played him (Neymar) today.\" (AS) Valencia forward Rodrigo is expected to complete a move to Atletico Madrid within the next 48 hours. Atleti are prepared to pay the Spain international's &#163;55m buyout clause and will finance the move by letting Correa join Milan. (AS) Ivan Rakitic's future at Barcelona remains uncertain after the midfielder was left out of the starting XI for the La Liga champions' 5-2 win over Real Betis. There is interest in Rakitic from Serie A clubs and Paris Saint-Germain. (AS)  Germany RB Leipzig forward Timo Werner's new four-year contract is believed to include a &#163;27m release clause, a figure which will enable him to join Bayern Munich next summer. (Kicker) Eintracht Frankfurt have struck a deal with Sporting for striker Bas Dost. The Holland international has scored 76 goals in 84 league appearances for the Portuguese side. (Kicker) Dost's expected arrival could see Ante Rebic depart Eintracht. The club's sporting director Fredi Bobic has confirmed an enquiry has been made for the Croatian who has previously been linked with Inter, Bayern Munich and AC Milan. (Sky Germany) France Bordeaux are interested in Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny and will attempt to sign the 27-year-old on loan. The club have already signed Laurent Koscielny from the Gunners this summer. (Foot Mercato) Rangers have made an offer of around &#163;9m for Amiens striker Moussa Konate. The Senegal international has struck 21 goals in 65 games for the Ligue 1 side. (L'Equipe)Former Newcastle United and Crystal Palace midfielder Yohan Cabaye is expected to sign with Saint-Etienne on a free transfer. The 33-year-old has been without a club since January. (L'Equipe)
Dutch side AZ Alkmaar suffered a partial roof collapse at their AFAS Stadium on Saturday after strong winds hit the Netherlands. AZ were not playing at the time and nobody was hurt during the incident at the ground, which opened 13 years ago.The Eredivisie side's general manager Robert Eenhoorn said: \"This surprised us all. We are very shocked but happy that there was no human suffering.\"In the coming days, we will conduct a study with experts in this field. Only when that investigation has been done can we elaborate on the matter. It is much too early for that now.\"The AFAS Stadium is less than 25 miles from the Dutch capital Amsterdam. The first match it ever hosted was a friendly between AZ and Arsenal, which the Gunners won 3-0.AZ are scheduled to play away to RKC Waalwijk in their second Eredivise match of the season on Sunday.
Juventus have completed the signing of Netherlands centre-back Matthijs de Ligt from Ajax. The 19-year-old, who had previously been linked with Manchester United and Barcelona, has signed a five-year contract with the Serie A champions.Transfer Centre LIVE!Juventus say they will pay an initial fee of &#8364;75m (&#163;67.8m) across five financial years, making De Ligt the most expensive defender in Italian top-flight history.Juve will also pay another &#8364;10.5m (&#163;9.47m) in additional costs for the player's agent Mino Raiola, intermediaries and other \"accessories\".The player also has a &#8364;150m (&#163;134.8m) release clause which will start from the third year of his contract.Sky Sports News reported on Monday that Juventus agreed personal terms with Raiola, worth &#163;10.8m-a-year plus bonuses during De Ligt's time in Turin.De Ligt - Ajax's youngest-ever captain - led the Eredivisie club to a domestic league and cup double last season, as well as taking them to the Champions League semi-finals in which they lost to Tottenham in the final seconds in Amsterdam.Juve have already signed another young centre-back this summer in 21-year-old Turkey international Merih Demiral, brought in from Sassuolo, as Andrea Barzagli departed the club after eight seasons. The club have also brought in midfielders Aaron Ramsey and Adrien Rabiot on free transfers, with goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon also back after one season away at Paris Saint-Germain.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsSky Sports News is home to three new shows dedicated to bringing you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters and pundits bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday, delivering the biggest stories that matter to you. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round-up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There's also the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.

Juventus have agreed a deal with Ajax for the signing of Netherlands centre-back Matthijs de Ligt, according to Sky in Italy. The 20-year-old will arrive in Turin on Tuesday night and will undergo a medical on Wednesday in a deal worth &#163;67.5m (&#8364;75m) including bonuses.The Serie A champions have already agreed personal terms with De Ligt's agent, Mino Raiola, with the defender set to sign a five-year deal worth &#163;10.8m-a-year plus bonuses during his time in Turin.Transfer Talk: Lukaku's value assessed, how Griezmann fits at Barca and is Villa's spending spree risky?Last week, Ajax released a statement claiming De Ligt did not travel with the rest of the squad to Austria for their pre-season camp because he is \"awaiting a possible transfer\".\"We're about to close De Ligt's transfer,\" said Ajax director Marc Overmars on Monday. \"We're waiting for the latest bank guarantees before confirming the deal. We're hoping it will work out as soon as possible, but we're hopeful it will be.\"De Ligt - Ajax's youngest-ever captain - led the Eredivisie club to a domestic league and cup double last season, as well as taking them to the Champions League semi-finals in which they lost to Tottenham in the final seconds in Amsterdam.Juve have already signed another young centre-back this summer in 21-year-old Turkey international Merih Demiral, brought in from Sassuolo, as Andrea Barzagli departed the club after eight seasons.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsSky Sports News is home to three new shows dedicated to bringing you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters and pundits bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday, delivering the biggest stories that matter to you. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round-up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There's also the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.

The 2019/20 season is fast approaching and that means clubs across Europe will be working hard to secure signings and offload unwanted players. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to scour the European press to bring you the very best of the transfer rumours doing the rounds.ItalyJuventus will meet with Neymar's father to explore a potential move for the Brazilian, however, a deal is unlikely given the 27-year-old remains focused on a return to Barcelona and Juve would not meet Paris Saint-Germain's &#163;200m asking price. (Rai Sport) Roma wonderkid Nicolo Zaniolo is open to a move to Tottenham this summer in a deal which would see Toby Alderweireld join the Serie A side. The 20-year-old is now Spurs' top midfield target after they opted against Dani Ceballos and Giovani Lo Celso. (Sport Italia) Inter will make a move for Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani if they are unable to sign Manchester United's Romelu Lukaku. (Corriere dello Sport) Manchester United transfer rumours: Who may be coming and going?Napoli have submitted an offer of &#163;55m plus Adam Ounas for Lille star Nicolas Pepe. The offer is unlikely to be accepted with firm interest in the Ivorian from Premier League clubs. (Corriere dello Sport) Torino want to sign Argentine winger Rodrigo de Paul from Udinese. The 25-year-old has also been linked with Inter, Roma and Napoli this summer. (Tuttosport) Inter midfielder Radja Nainggolan has been linked with a surprise return to Cagliari, the club he spent five seasons with before joining Roma in 2014. (Tuttosport) Fiorentina have opened talks with former Tottenham striker Fernando Llorente, who is one of several high-profile players available on a free transfer this summer. (Sky Italia) Tottenham transfer rumours: Who's on the move?SpainBarcelona midfielder Riqui Puig could be available for loan after it was revealed he was training with the club's B side. Puig is regarded as one of the brightest prospects to emerge from La Masia in recent years and has made three senior appearances. (AS) Borussia Dortmund's Raphael Guerreiro and AC Milan's Ricardo Rodriguez will be targeted by Barcelona if they can't strike a deal with Real Betis for full-back Junior Firpo. (AS) James Rodriguez could remain at Real Madrid this summer if the club sell Isco, although no club has yet to come close to matching the &#163;70m Real will demand for the Spain international. (AS) West Brom defender Allan Nyom is set to join Getafe on a season-long loan deal as the Madrid-based club strengthen their squad to compete in the Europa League. (Marca) Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and OutsFranceEverton have submitted an offer of around &#163;35m for Lille forward Rafael Leao. The Toffees face competition from Valencia and Napoli, who have also made bids, while Aston Villa are interested in the 20-year-old Portuguese. (L'Equipe) Another Lille star whose future is uncertain is Nicolas Pepe and the Ligue 1 side have received firm offers from Arsenal, Liverpool and Inter. The Ivorian must now decide which club he would like to join. (L'Equipe) Arsenal transfer rumours: The potential ins and outsLiverpool transfer rumours: Who's been linked and who might goOusmane Dembele does not want to leave Barcelona this summer. The French winger has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich and has also been mooted as a potential makeweight in Barca's attempts to sign Neymar from Paris Saint-Germain. (L'Equipe)  GermanyNewcastle are in talks over a &#163;35m move for Hoffenheim forward Joelinton. Wolves have also shown interest in the Brazilian who has previously been compared to Roberto Firmino. (Kicker) Manchester City transfer rumours: Who may be coming and going?Borussia Dortmund have ended their interest in Juventus forward Mario Mandzukic but will rival Everton in the race to sign Moise Keane - either on loan or permanently - from the Serie A champions. (Kicker)Chelsea youngster Daishawn Redan is in talks with Hertha Berlin over a permanent switch to the Bundesliga club, who would pay around &#163;2.2m for the Dutch wonderkid. (Kicker) 

Juventus are close to finalising a deal to sign Matthijs de Ligt from Ajax, according to Sky in Italy. The Italian champions made an improved offer to Ajax for the 19-year-old Netherlands international centre-back on Friday, and it is understood the two clubs now only need to agree the finer details of the transfer.De Ligt did not travel with the rest of the Ajax squad to Austria on Saturday for their pre-season camp because he is \"awaiting a possible transfer\", a club statement said.Juve have already agreed personal terms with De Ligt's agent, Mino Raiola, with the teenage defender set to receive &#163;10.7m-a-year, plus bonuses, in Turin.The Serie A club initially offered Ajax &#163;58.3m for De Ligt - &#163;49.3m upfront, with &#163;9m in add-ons. The Eredivisie champions were, at that stage, said to be looking for closer to &#163;67.3m.Last season, De Ligt - Ajax's youngest-ever captain - led the team to a domestic league and cup double, as well as taking them to the Champions League semi-finals in which they lost to Tottenham in the final seconds in Amsterdam.Juve have already signed another young centre-back this summer in 21-year-old Turkey international Merih Demiral, brought in from Sassuolo, as they begin to plan ahead for life after Giorgio Chiellini, 34, and Leonardo Bonucci, 32.


Ajax defender Matthijs de Ligt has agreed personal terms with Juventus, his agent Mino Raiola has confirmed. Sky in Italy understand that the agreement is worth &#163;10.8m (&#8364;12m) per year - which equates to around &#163;230,000 per week - but the clubs must now agree a transfer fee, with Ajax asking for &#163;67.3m (&#8364;75m).Juventus are so far offering to pay &#163;49.3m (&#8364;55m) plus &#163;9m in bonuses (&#8364;10m) as negotiations continue for the highly-rated 19-year-old Netherlands international, who was previously linked with Barcelona.\"Matthijs has agreed personal terms with Juve,\" Raiola told Dutch paper De Telegraaf. \"We're waiting for them to complete the agreement with Ajax soon.\"An arbitration case is out of the question for us, I advised Matthijs [on this], because it does not suit his style.\"The player only hopes that Juventus and Ajax will show the will to get out and that the deal is completed quickly.\"Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky Sports From July 1, Sky Sports News will be the home to three new shows dedicated to bringing you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters and pundits bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talkthen follows at midday delivering the biggest stories that matter to you. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League ins and outsThere's also the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.

Manchester City have re-signed Angelino after activating a buy-back clause in the young Spaniard&#8217;s contract with Dutch side PSV Eindhoven. The 22-year-old full-back returns to the Etihad Stadium just a year after leaving for PSV. Angelino spent five years in his first spell at City after signing from Deportivo La Coruna in 2013.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and Outs\"I am thrilled to have rejoined City, a side playing incredible football under Pep Guardiola,\" Angelino said.\"Watching them while playing in Holland has been a pleasure.\"City's performances over the last two seasons have been incredible and I am very excited about returning and contributing to the club's bid for more success.\"I believe my own game can develop under Pep's management and I am very confident that the club will go from strength to strength over the next few years.\"Left-back has been a problem position for Pep Guardiola, with Benjamin Mendy having been hampered by injury since arriving from Monaco two years ago.Midfielders Fabian Delph and Oleksandr Zinchenko have often been asked to fill in for Mendy, as has centre-back Aymeric Laporte.Angelino made just three senior appearances during his first spell at City but was an ever-present for PSV in the Eredivisie last season, leading to interest from Paris Saint-Germain, who were reportedly prepared to pay &#163;15m for him this summer.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsSky Sports News brings you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market with three new shows.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday delivering analysis of the biggest stories. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.
Chelsea winger Charly Musonda has returned to Dutch side Vitesse for a second season-long loan. The 22-year-old was injured for the whole of last season and subsequently made only one appearance for the side in a 6-1 Eredivisie win over De Graafschap.It is the player's fourth loan move having previously been at Real Betis and Celtic with the Belgian making just eight appearances in all competitions for the Hoops during his loan spell in the 2017-18 season.On the move, Musonda said: \"I am very keen to show the real Charly Musonda.\"Last season I had a lot of bad luck with the injury. I feel good now and want to show that I can be of added value to Vitesse.\"Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsSky Sports News brings you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market with three new shows.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday delivering analysis of the biggest stories. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and OutsThere's also the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.
Manchester City are set to re-sign left-back Angelino from PSV, Sky Sports News understands. The 22-year-old is expected to complete a medical by Thursday evening, just one year after leaving the Etihad.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and OutsAngelino spent five years at City after signing from Deportivo in 2013, and the Premier League champions will now activate the &#163;5.3m buy-back clause in the deal that took him to PSV.Left-back has been a problem position for Pep Guardiola, with Benjamin Mendy having been hampered by injury since arriving from Monaco two years ago.Midfielders Fabian Delph and Oleksandr Zinchenko have often been asked to fill in at left-back, as has centre-back Aymeric Laporte.Angelino made just three first-team appearances during his first spell at City, but he was an ever-present for PSV in the Eredivisie last season.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsSky Sports News brings you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market with three new shows.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday delivering analysis of the biggest stories. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.
It has been a frenetic weekend for transfer deals as some of Europe's biggest clubs line up their next big stars.&#160; So we have asked our friends at Football Whispers to scour European media outlets to bring you the latest news from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainIt has been claimed Spurs chairman Daniel Levy has resorted to ringing Real Madrid director general Jose Angel Sanchez in a bid to entice the La Liga side to bid for Christian Eriksen, with the Dane said to be reluctant to extend his contract at White Hart Lane beyond 2020. (Marca)Paris Saint-Germain are open to considering player-plus-cash offers for Neymar, with the forward believed to be keen on a return to La Liga, and Barcelona and Real Madrid said to have been keen on the Brazilian in the past. (AS)Kylian Mbappe is another star who reportedly wants to ply his trade at the Bernabeu and he has told PSG he will not be staying at the club beyond his current deal, which expires in 2022. (Marca)Paul Pogba is reportedly closer to a move to Juventus than Real Madrid despite the latter being his preferred option, with the midfielder said to be desperate to leave Manchester United. (AS)Atletico Madrid and Alvaro Morata are both confident the striker will remain with the La Liga club next season, despite Chelsea's threats to recall the Spaniard unless they pay the &#8364;55m purchase option this summer. Morata joined Atleti on an 18-month loan in January but with Chelsea now under a transfer ban, they are threatening to recall the striker. (AS)ItalyTension between Roma and Inter Milan has increased after the Giallorossi tried to hijack the Nerazzurri's proposed transfer for Nicolo Barella. Inter's bids for the Cagliari midfielder have been rejected thus far and their hopes of signing the 22-year-old took a huge blow when Cagliari accepted Roma's bid of &#8364;35m plus Gregoire Defrel. (Several) Inter have responded by threatening to activate Roma's Lorenzo Pellegrini's &#8364;30m release clause if Inter don't get Barella. The issues between the two clubs have also led to complications in Edin Dzeko's proposed transfer from Roma to Inter. (Several)Juventus are hoping to confirm the signing of Ajax captain Matthijs de Ligt as early as Monday, in a move which is believed to be worth an initial &#8364;67m plus another &#8364;13m in add-ons. (TuttoSport)It is another move which has been on the verge of completion for some time and now reports state Adrien Rabiot has agreed personal terms with Juventus ahead of his free transfer from PSG on a four-year contract. (Sky Italia)A potential incoming at PSG could be AC Milan's Lucas Paqueta, with the French side's new director Leonardo contemplating an approach to his former club for the exciting 21-year-old. (Corriere dello Sport)Another PSG transfer target is Juventus' experienced defender Leonardo Bonucci. The French giants have reportedly offered the 32-year-old a significant pay rise to &#8364;7m per year but it is claimed the player and Juventus are not keen on the sale. (La Repubblica) Roma's Kostas Manolas is on the verge of completing his switch to Napoli in return for &#8364;18m in cash plus midfielder Amadou Diawara, which is deemed to be worth the defender's &#8364;36m release clause. (Several)Lorenzo is not the only Pellegrini set for a move, with fellow Roma man Luca expected to have his medical with Juventus today as part of a player plus &#8364;10m offer for Leonardo Spinazzola. (Several)Juventus remain keen to land Nicolo Zaniolo and will continue to try to buy the midfielder this summer even if he does sign a contract extension with Roma. (TuttoSport)FranceWest Ham have cooled their interest in Marseille midfielder Morgan Sanson but are still open to a deal if the terms are right, while Newcastle have also reportedly expressed an interest in the past. (L'Equipe)The signing of Cagliari's Barella is not a two-horse race though as PSG are said to have offered &#8364;50m for the Italy international, after failing to land the Napoli midfielder Allan, Tanguy Ndombele and Lazio's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. (Le10sport)Man City forward Thierry Ambrose, who spent last season on loan at Ligue 2 side RC Lens and has never played for the City first team, is set to complete his move to FC Metz in a deal worth between &#8364;2m and &#8364;3m. (L'Equipe)GermanyRB Leipzig are on the verge of signing PSG's Christopher Nkunku for around &#8364;15m - something which will move the Ligue 1 side ever closer to reaching the Financial Fair Play target for this summer set by UEFA. (SportBild)PortugalLiverpool transfer target Ferro is expected to sign a new contract with Benfica which would see his release clause increased to &#8364;120m. (A Bola)
<strong>Steven Bergwijn is a major transfer target this summer after a fine season for PSV but how good is he? Adam Bate gets the thoughts of those who know the Netherlands international best, including the winger's mother and former academy coach, to find out more...</strong> Capped by Ronald Koeman for the first time in October, it has been a huge season for Steven Bergwijn. After scoring 14 goals for PSV in the Eredivisie campaign, he has been linked with a move to the Premier League or perhaps even a return to boyhood club Ajax. But why is the 21-year-old forward in demand? It's a combination of determination and skill.Get a Sky Sports Day Pass for one-off payment of &#163;8.99An insight into the mentality that has taken him this far is his response to the seismic decision to leave Ajax at the age of 14 after a fall-out with a youth coach at the club. It was a difficult time, one that Bergwijn's mother Bianca remains reluctant to revisit, but she is happier when talking with pride about the hard work it took to get back on track afterwards.\"It is such a long ago and too much has been said about this topic already,\" she tells Sky Sports when asked about that Ajax exit. \"Steven has worked so hard to get to where is his now. The amount of training, travel and more, but all with one goal. He always has done everything in his life for that same reason. The love of the game.\"Bergwijn's backgroundBianca says she knew \"even when pregnant\" that her son would be a footballer and the Bergwijn family's commitment is underlined by the journey that the youngster's father would make to allow his son to continue his development with PSV in Eindhoven.\"Every day at 6am, his father drove 600 kilometres each day to take Steven to PSV,\" recalls his mother. \"He picked him up again every day at 7pm.\"It proved to be time well spent because it was at the PSV academy, not the famed Ajax one, where Bergwijn would flourish. Edwin de Wijs still remembers the first time that he clapped eyes on the teenager at De Herdgang, the club's renowned training complex.\"I saw a very little boy who oozed talent,\" De Wijs tells Sky Sports. \"He clearly enjoyed the game, and had great technical and tactical abilities for someone who was only 14 years old.\"Bergwijn has only progressed since then.\"Perhaps the biggest talent Steven possesses is that he works each day and every day to become a better player,\" adds De Wijs. \"As well as being a very talented player, Steven is also a wonderful person with a big heart. He is always there for anyone. And it says a lot that I, as a youth trainer, am still in touch with Steven on a regular basis.\"He also has an incredible individual technique combined with great speed. That, in particular, is what makes Steven a special and valuable player in the Eredivisie.\" This was Bergwijn's breakthrough campaign, although it is now more than four years since his professional debut versus Heracles in May 2015. He was increasingly involved over the following three seasons, but it is only over the past year that the components of his game have really come together, explains Rik Elfrink, a journalist with Eindhovens Dagblad.\"He is an incredible talent but he had some problems with scoring goals before 2018,\" Elfrink tells Sky Sports. \"He had a lot of chances and you could see the potential was there, but he just did not score enough goals. What you see now is that he has the goals and the assists. He is a 21-year-old player who still has a lot of potential to improve.\"Bergwijn in statsThe statistics not only highlight the improvement in Bergwijn's game but also just how rare his talent is. As well as the 14 goals, he also contributed 12 assists - only four players in the Eredivisie were involved in more goals than that in the competition.None of those were aged 21 or under. In fact, the only player in that age bracket to be involved in more goals than that in any of the five major leagues this past season was Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe. That should explain why there is a buzz about Bergwijn. His total of 105 successful dribbles in the Eredivisie was more than anyone else and his ability to operate on the left or right wing means that Bergwijn is a versatile opponent too. The decision-making has also improved once his marker is beaten. Only the creative Ajax pairing of Dusan Tadic and Hakim Ziyech completed as many through-balls in the Eredivisie.Bergwijn's next stepAll of which was enough to earn Bergwijn an opportunity in the Nations League and while he caused problems for England's Ben Chilwell in the semi-final victory, not everything went his way out in Portugal. However, his admirers remain optimistic. The learning curve continues and what happens next could see him emerge as a genuine European star.\"Steven has developed himself fantastically and has become one of the best players in the Eredivisie,\" says De Wijs. \"He also has a handful of international matches in his name. But I sincerely believe that he is now ready for the next step in his career. I think that Steven can become an important player at the top level in the years to come.\"Tottenham have been linked with Bergwijn, but they are not alone. Bayern Munich are believed to be keen if their move for Leroy Sane does not come off, while Inter Milan's interest means Italy is a possibility for the player too. But it is the mooted return to Ajax, who have money to spend following their player sales, that is perhaps most intriguing.It would be a move home in some respects. But Steven Bergwijn has grown up in more ways than one since the days when he and his father made that long drive to Eindhoven.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsSky Sports News brings you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market with three new shows.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday delivering analysis of the biggest stories. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and OutsThere's also the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports App.
How do the new Premier League kits compare to those being released on the continent? Check out the strips released so far around Europe, with recent drops from Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid...BarcelonaBarcelona have unveiled a new checked design for 2019/20 season - with the club's shirt missing its stripe design for the first time in the club's history. The club say the new-look Nike kit takes its inspiration from the city and the blocks of its Eixample district, \"home to some of the most emblematic buildings designed by the great architect Antoni Gaudi\".Real MadridReal Madrid's away kit for 2019/20 is dark blue, with a \"sound wave\" pattern printed on the shirt, which maker adidas says symbolises \"the noise generated by the fans in the historic season in which Real Madrid conquered La Decima\". Gold accents make further nods to the club's successes.Paris Saint-GermainParis Saint-Germain's new Nike home kit reworks the vertical stripe design and gives prominence once more to the club's two iconic colours, red and blue. Borussia Dortmund Borussia Dortmund have unveiled yet another slick new Puma home shirt in their traditional black and yellow colours.The Bundesliga club have already sported the strip during their final home league match of the season - a 3-2 win against Fortuna Dusseldorf. The design takes inspiration from the club's classic jerseys of the past but with a modern twist, which is provided by a dedicated Dortmund formstripe graphic on each sleeve.Bayern Munich Bayern Munich's new home kit features a unique diamond design that pays homage to the forward-thinking architecture and the atmosphere of the Allianz Arena.The traditional all-red design of the home shirt is emblazoned with the stadium's unmissable diamond architecture, remixed and digitalised into a daring new pattern as the club look to the future whilst honouring the past.This year's full kit will be true to the club's red signature colour. Socks and shorts will follow the all-red design of the jersey. Man Utd launch Treble-inspired kitChelsea unveil Stamford Bridge-inspired home kitLiverpool honour Paisley with new kitCeltic The iconic green and white hoops are back with an added polo-style collar inspired by Celtic's first-ever strip back in 1888, while there's a star above the club crest in a nod to the Lisbon Lions' European Cup victory in 1967.A Celtic Cross to the back neck of the shirt completes the design for the #OnToVictory home kit from New Balance. RomaAS Roma's 2019-20 home kit is decorated by a dynamic lightning bolt detail across the jersey's collar and sleeves. Kitmakers Nike say the symbol - associated with the Roman god of the sky, Jupiter - \"lights up an otherwise classic Giallorossi design\". Inter MilanInter have taken inspiration from their historic treble in 2009-10 for their new away kit, with an aquamarine shirt evoking memories of the goalkeeper's kit worn by Julio Cesar the season after their triumph. The jersey is embellished with black and gold trim, while white shorts and half-green, half-white socks complete the look.Juventus Juventus' new home shirt is distinguished by an all-new half-and-half striped design, enhanced by a contrast pink detail down the middle.The pink stripe, which separates the black and white, is a nod to the first colour the club ever played in. Ajax Ajax launched their new home kit the day after their dramatic exit from the Champions League at the semi-final stage to Tottenham.Launched with the slogan 'This is not the end, only the beginning', the new strip boasts the club's trademark look of a red stripe on white ground, but a black trim has been added to the collar and the sleeves as a tribute to the flag of Amsterdam. The club crest is also white and black in a nod to how it was up to the 1990s.See more European kits for 2019/20 season here as they are released.
Liverpool have signed 17-year-old Sepp van den Berg from Eredivisie club PEC Zwolle. Van den Berg's transfer will be formally completed on July 1, with Liverpool understood to be paying an initial &#163;1.3m.The fee for the Netherlands U19 centre-back could eventually rise above &#163;4m, depending on how many Premier League and European appearances he goes on to make for the Champions League holders.Liverpool have beaten a host of big European clubs to the signing of Van den Berg - Bayern Munich, Sampdoria, Ajax and PSV Eindhoven were all interested in the young defender.Van den Berg has revealed Liverpool's interest came as a surprise to him, admitting to Liverpool's official website: \"I couldn't believe it, I thought it was a joke. \"I was really happy and, to be honest, I was a little bit scared at first because such a big club had interest in me.\"So, I was a little bit scared but eventually I was really excited.\"After making Van den Berg their first signing of the summer, Liverpool insist that while they will be looking to develop him, he is not considered an 'academy' signing. Van den Berg made his Eredivisie debut at the age of 16 in March 2018 and went on to make 15 league appearances for PEC Zwolle.The defender has established himself in the Dutch youth side, starting each of their last three European U19 Championship qualifiers.Van den Berg has described himself as \"calm with the ball\" and admitted he hopes to learn from Virgil van Dijk, as well as boss Jurgen Klopp. \"I am calm with the ball, I am quite quick and can run, but I came here especially to improve myself more,\" he said, when asked about his qualities. \"I think this is the best place for me to grow and hopefully play a lot of games here.\"I was thinking about (the idea of) training with Virgil. For me he is the best defender in the world right now, so I can learn a lot from him.\"Of course, the trainer (Klopp) is a great guy and one of the reasons they are successful - and also one of the reasons I came here.\"Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky Sports From July 1, Sky Sports News will be the home to three new shows dedicated to bringing you the very latest news from this summer's transfer market.Start your day with Good Morning Transfers at 9am as our team of reporters and pundits bring you the latest news and insight. Transfer Talk then follows at midday delivering the biggest stories that matter to you. And join us at 7pm for the definitive round up of the day's news with The Transfer Show.And as well as tuning into Sky Sports News, don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League ins and outsThere's also the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.
Juventus have agreed personal terms with defender Matthijs de Ligt ahead of his proposed move from Ajax, according to Sky in Italy. It is understood the Netherlands international has accepted a five-year contract offer which will see him earn &#8364;12m (&#163;10.75m) a season with the Serie A champions.Sky Italy are also reporting a release clause will be included in his contract with Juve for around &#8364;150m (&#163;135m).Listen to the latest episode of Transfer Talk: What now for Newcastle?Juventus will now start official talks with Ajax in an attempt to finalise the deal.However, Paris Saint-Germain remain in the hunt for the 19-year-old and in contact with Ajax.De Ligt is one of Europe's most sought-after players after captaining Ajax to the Dutch league and cup double as well as the semi-finals of the Champions League last season.Juve director: We still love PogbaDe Ligt would become Maurizio Sarri's first signing as Juventus manager after he left Chelsea to return to his native Italy.The defender revealed he was asked about a move to Juventus by Ronaldo, who moved to Turin from Real Madrid for &#163;106m last summer, at the end of the Nations League final earlier this month.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsAs well as keeping an eye on Sky Sports News, make sure you don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There's also the return of the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and OutsDaily Paper Talk
Ajax defender Matthijs de Ligt has opted to join Juventus this summer, according to Sky in Italy. Juventus have moved ahead of Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona in negotiations for the 19-year-old, but are still to agree personal terms with De Ligt's agent, Mino Raiola.Raiola is demanding a fee of at least &#163;10.7m and a get-out clause which would vary at the end of every season, but would not drop below &#163;134m.Should the Netherlands international seal a move, it would make him the second-highest-paid player at Juventus, behind only Cristiano Ronaldo.It is understood the transfer will cost the Italian side in the region of &#163;62m.De Ligt is one of Europe's most sought-after players after captaining Ajax to the Dutch league and cup double as well as the semi-finals of the Champions League last season.Transfer Centre: Pogba, Coutinho, Eriksen latest LIVE!Juve director: We still love PogbaAccording to Sky in Italy, the centre-back has made the decision to join Serie A champions Juventus, turning down Manchester United, Barcelona and PSG.De Ligt would become Maurizio Sarri's first signing as Juventus manager after he left Chelsea to return to his native Italy.The defender said he was asked about a move to Juventus by Ronaldo, who moved to Turin from Real Madrid for &#163;106m last summer, at the end of the Nations League final earlier this month.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsAs well as keeping an eye on Sky Sports News, make sure you don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There's also the return of the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports app.Transfer Centre LIVE!Daily Paper Talk
Ajax manager Erik ten Hag has signed a contract extension at the club until 2022. Ten Hag led Ajax to their first Dutch title for five years, their first Dutch Cup in nine years and to the semi-finals of the Champions League last season.The Dutchman, whose previous contract expired in June 2020, had been linked with a number of jobs since Ajax's success in Europe this season.Ajax beat both Real Madrid and Juventus in the knockout stages of the Champions League last season before a dramatic last-minute exit to Tottenham in the semi-finals.Ten Hag has built one of the most attractive teams to watch in Europe with many of his players sought after by the continent's elite.Frenkie de Jong has already completed a move to Barcelona and defender Matthijs de Ligt is a target for PSG, Juventus and Manchester United - among others.

Louis van Gaal has advised Ajax's Matthijs de Ligt to join either Manchester City or Barcelona, if he leaves the Dutch club this summer. De Ligt, who has been linked with Van Gaal's former club Manchester United, has said that he does not know where his future lies after an impressive season in Holland.And, when agreeing with ex-Ajax boss Peter Bosz's claims that De Ligt should join Manchester City, Van Gaal said that the central defender would be a good fit in either England or Spain.\"I think exactly the same,\" Van Gaal told Fox Sports. \"Although De Ligt can go to Barcelona too, because their central defenders are not too good either.\"He could play at Barcelona, but he could play for Manchester City also, and in that case I would choose Pep Guardiola over Lionel Messi.\"Van Gaal also had his say on midfielder Frenkie de Jong, after he agreed a deal to join Barcelona from Ajax. \"I think it's going to be very difficult for him there,\" he said. \"Not only because he might get a different role, but he also has to play those other players from the starting line-up.\"He is also lucky that Barcelona has been eliminated in the semi-final [of the Champions League], because then their status will be different.\"I think that as a player you should also choose a club where you can always play. The question is whether that is justified in Barcelona.\"I hope so, because at that age you have to play every game. I think he could have made better choices because I think the whole world is waiting for De Jong. I am so positive about him.\"If reading on skysports.com, comment below to get involved in the debate, but please adhere to our House Rules. If you wish to report any comment, simply click on the down arrow next to the offending comment and click 'Report'.
International football has taken centre stage this week but clubs across Europe are working hard on improving their squads with the transfer window now in full swing. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round-up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.SpainAntoine Griezmann has reached an agreement to join Paris Saint-Germain this summer. The French forward was expected to leave Atletico Madrid for Barcelona but has opted to move to the French capital. (Sport)Atletico, meanwhile, want to replace Griezmann with Edinson Cavani. The Uruguayan is open to a switch to Madrid and could be used as a makeweight in PSG's move for the World Cup-winner. (Sport)Gareth Bale has informed the Real Madrid board that he intends to see out the remainder of his contract, which runs until 2022. The Wales international, who is out of favour under coach Zinedine Zidane, was widely expected to be sold this summer. (AS)Real Madrid have set an asking price of &#163;45m on Mateo Kovacic. Chelsea are not willing to match that figure but Inter Milan are interested in the Croatian midfielder. (AS)The future of Marcelo at Real Madrid is in doubt with Los Blancos set to complete a &#163;45m deal for Lyon left-back Ferland Mendy. The Brazilian has been told he will not be a guaranteed starter next term and could depart for a new challenge. (Marca)Barcelona goalkeeper Jasper Cillessen says no decision has been made over his future. \"I still have not considered anything,\" the Dutchman, who announced his desire to leave the Camp Nou last month, said while on international duty. (Marca)ItalyJuventus are prepared to sacrifice &#163;8m Chelsea owe the club for Gonzalo Higuain in order to clinch the services of Maurizio Sarri. The Blues have no intention of signing the Argentinian permanently this summer and have instead moved on to other targets. (Gazzetta dello Sport) AC Milan are prepared to sell Suso to Atletico Madrid for &#163;35m as they attempt to balance their books by the end of this month. The Rossoneri are in the middle of an appeal against Financial Fair Play violations. (Corriere dello Sport)Inter are hopeful of securing the double signing of Roma's Edin Dzeko and Aleksandar Kolarov. Both players are in the final year of their respective contracts with the Giallorossi and Inter will offer &#163;9m plus 19-year-old striker Davide Merola. (Corriere dello Sport)FranceTiemoue Bakayoko will stay at Chelsea this summer. The midfielder spent last season on loan at AC Milan but his brother and agent Abdoulaye said: \"Interesting clubs have inquired but we give priority to Chelsea. We know there is the Champions League and we are looking for stability. Tiemoue has decided to stay.\" (L'Equipe) GermanyEintracht Frankfurt could be set to lose Ante Rebic with Inter Milan interested in the Croatian. The Bundesliga side have already lost Luka Jovic to Real Madrid while Sebastien Haller is on Manchester United's radar. (Bild)PortugalManchester City will offer Benfica forward Joao Felix a &#163;5.5m-a-year contract The Premier League champions are one of several big clubs interested in signing the teenager, who has played for Portugal in this summer's Nations League. (Record)
Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. PortugalLiverpool are to rival Tottenham and Manchester United for the signing of 24-year-old Portugal midfielder Bruno Fernandes from Sporting Lisbon. The free-scoring midfielder is believed to want to play in the Premier League. (Record)SpainBarcelona have concrete offers from clubs across Europe for Malcom, Jasper Cillessen, Andre Gomes, Denis Suarez and Nelson Semedo. However, no interest has been shown in Philippe Coutinho, a player the La Liga champions are hoping to cash in on to fund incomings. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona have rejected claims they will swoop for Gianluigi Buffon after the 41-year-old announced he would leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer. (Mundo Deportivo)West Ham and Arsenal are battling it out to sign Eibar midfielder Joan Jordan. The 24-year-old versatile midfielder impressed in La Liga during the 2018/19 campaign, involved himself in eight goals. (Marca)Arsenal are also competing with Everton for the signature of defender Djene Dakonam. Getafe were one of the surprise teams of the season, finishing fifth, with the 27-year-old one of the integral members of the starting XI. (Marca)GermanyBayern Munich are interested in Manchester City transfer target Rodri. The midfield maestro is rumoured to have a &#163;60m release clause and is open to leaving Atletico Madrid just one season after joining them. (SportBild)Bayer Leverkusen are looking into the possibility of loaning Real Madrid full-back Theo Hernandez. The 21-year-old shocked the world when he moved from neighbours Atletico, and he's since found it difficult to break into the first team. He spent time out on loan with Alaves and Real Sociedad and with the potential arrival of Ferland Mendy it doesn't look like he'll first choice at the Santiago Bernabeu next season. (Sky in Germany)ItalyTo fall in line with FFP, AC Milan may have to cash in on Gigi Donnarumma this summer. The shot-stopper is a transfer target for Manchester United and PSG with a fee in the region of &#163;60m being quoted. The Rossoneri are interested in Juventus' Mattia Perin to replace him. (Calciomercato)Napoli are looking to bolster their attacking ranks as they plot to pry the Serie A title away from Juventus. Carlo Ancelotti's men want to add Atalanta forward Duvan Zapata to their squad. The 28-year-old played in Naples previously but has since developed into one of the best strikers in Italy. (Gazzetta Dello Sport)FranceLeonardo's arrival at Paris Saint-Germain could open the door to Paul Pogba joining the French giants. The sporting director shares a good relationship with agent Mino Raiola. The World Cup winner wants to leave Manchester United and this could be the perfect situation for a deal to happen. (Le10Sport)
International football may have taken centre stage this week but clubs across Europe are working hard on improving their squads with the transfer window now in full swing. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyManchester City are closing in the signing of Juventus full-back Joao Cancelo. The Premier League champions are prepared to pay &#163;45m for the Portugal international. (Sport Mediaset)Tottenham have placed a &#163;100m asking price on Christian Eriksen. The Denmark midfielder admitted this week he wants to leave Spurs amid interest from Real Madrid and Juventus. (ANSA)Transfer Centre LIVE!Papers: Neymar rejects Real moveJuventus will also consider selling Blaise Matuidi, Mario Mandzukic and Juan Cuadrado in order to help finance their summer spending. (Tuttosport) Arsenal have submitted an improved &#163;40m offer for Sampdoria pair Joachim Andersen and Dennis Praet. But the Serie A side will only let the duo depart for an offer closer to &#163;45m. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter will launch a &#163;70m move for Lille star Nicolas Pepe this summer if they are able to offload Mauro Icardi. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Juventus will consider re-signing Medhi Benatia this summer. The centre-back left the Serie A champions to join Qatari side Al-Duhail in January after a fall out with head coach Massimiliano Allegri, who has since left the club. (La Stampa) Cagliari sporting director Marcello Carli has confirmed Inter are in \"serious talks\" with the club over a deal for Nicolo Barella, who was linked with a move to Chelsea in January. (Sky Italia) Newly-promoted Brescia have made an offer to Gianluigi Buffon. The 41-year-old Italian goalkeeper will become a free agent next month after he opted against renewing his contract with Paris Saint-Germain. (La Repubblica)SpainBarcelona have contacted Manchester United over a potential move for Marcus Rashford. The England international's versatility and potential have caught the eye of Barca, who want to freshen up their squad this summer. (Sport)Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to pay Ajax &#163;80m in order to beat Barcelona to the signing of Matthijs de Ligt. The La Liga champions are prepared to offer around &#163;65m for the 19-year-old centre-back. (Sport)  Atletico Madrid want to make Chelsea striker Alvaro Morata's loan move a permanent one but want to hold off triggering the &#163;48m clause in the deal until next year in order to free up cash to improve their squad this summer. (Marca) Real Madrid full-back Sergio Reguilon is prepared to leave the La Liga side on loan for a club competing in the Champions League. The Spaniard had Marcelo in the starting XI prior to Zinezine Zidane's return to the club. (AS)Will Hazard star for Real Madrid?Transfer target: Youri TielemansFrance Liverpool are prepared to accelerate their move for Nicolas Pepe with interest growing in the Lille star. The European champions are ready to pay &#163;70m plus bonuses for the Ivory Coast international. (L'Equipe) Tottenham are ready to rival Bayer Leverkusen in the race to sign Julian Draxler from Paris Saint-Germain. The Ligue 1 champions will demand around &#163;30m for the German, but he isn't keen on leaving the French capital. (L'Equipe) Youri Tielemans, who spent the second half of the season on loan at Leicester City from Monaco, says he wants to leave the Ligue 1 side this summer. \"The opportunities for me to continue in Monaco are minimal, a transfer will be the best solution\". (Various)  GermanyInter are also interested in Eintracht Frankfurt Ante Rebic. The Croatia international impressed at the World Cup last summer and has previously been linked with Manchester United. (Bild) Holland Ajax forward Kasper Dolberg is open to a move to Bayer Leverkusen this summer, where he would be reunited with Peter Bosz. \"It's a possibility,\" the Dane admitted. \"But I don't expect it to happen.\" (Voetbalzone)
International football may have taken centre stage this week but clubs across Europe are working hard on improving their squads with the transfer window now in full swing.  So we asked at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent...Italy Inter will try to tempt Tottenham star Christian Eriksen to the San Siro. The Dane admitted this week he wants to leave Spurs this summer amid interest from Real Madrid and Barcelona, but Inter hope an offer of &#163;60m could put them at the front of the queue. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Arsenal have not given up on signing Sampdoria pair Joachim Andersen and Dennis Praet despite having an offer of &#163;37m rejected by the Serie A side. The Gunners scouted the pair in May and are expected to return with another offer. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Roma want Inter to include Mauro Icardi as part of an exchange deal with Edin Dzeko. The Serie A side had offered the Argentine striker to Manchester United in the hope of securing Romelu Lukaku. (Sky Sport Italia) Valencia lead the race to sign Matteo Darmian from Manchester United this summer. The club want to conclude a deal for around &#163;8m but Juventus, Roma and Inter are also interested in the 29-year-old defender. (Sky Sport Italia)SpainEden Hazard's move to Real Madrid is unlikely to be completed until after the international break. The Chelsea forward is set to feature for Belgium against Kazakhstan and Scotland, which would make Real's desire for official presentation at the Bernabeu impossible. (AS)Samuel Umtiti has told Barcelona he will not entertain offers from other clubs, even if the La Liga champions are prepared to accept a bid for his services. The France World Cup winner struggled with injury last term and has been linked with Arsenal. (Marca) Umtiti is not the only player Barca are willing to cash in on this summer. The club are ready to listen to offers for Jasper Cillessen, Nelson Semedo, Philippe Coutinho and Malcom. (Marca) Paris Saint-Germain want to replace the outgoing Gianluigi Buffon with Real Madrid goalkeeper Keylor Navas. Buffon will depart this summer when his contract expires and the Ligue 1 champions want an experienced alternative to Alphonse Areola. (Marca) Real Sociedad are prepared to sell former Manchester United midfielder Adnan Januzaj in order to finance a move for Danish youngster Andreas Skov Olsen. (Marca) GermanyIlkay Gundogan believes Manchester City team-mate Leroy Sane will remain at the club this summer despite interest from Bayern Munich. \"I personally assume that Leroy will stay - that would also please me.\" (Sport Bild) Bayer Leverkusen and Borussia Monchengladbach are both interested in a &#163;22m move for Dinamo Zagreb star Dani Olmo. The Spanish midfielder started his career with Barcelona, who have previously been linked with a move. (Kicker) Kai Havertz remains a Bayern Munich transfer target and the Bundesliga champions are prepared to wait until next summer to secure the Bayer Leverkusen midfielder's signature after having a &#163;70m offer turned down. (Kicker) Borussia Dortmund hope Mario Gotze will sign a new deal at the club despite interest from Arsenal. The Germany international is out of contract in 2020 and has been linked with a cut-price move to the Emirates this summer. (Bild)  Rafael van der Vaart believes Ajax defender Matthijs de Ligt should join Bayern Munich. \"I think Bayern would be the right club for him. My feeling is he is a player who would feel comfortable in Germany.\" (Sky Germany) FranceBarcelona and Paris Saint-Germain are, however, the only two clubs De Ligt is willing to sign with this summer. The La Liga champions are the Netherlands international's first choice and look likely to secure his signing. (RMC) Marseille hope to beat Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund in the race to sign Marcus Thuram. The 21-year-old is expected to leave Guingamp this summer after the club were relegated to Ligue 2. (L'Equipe) Portugal Tottenham are ready to rival Liverpool and Manchester United in the race to sign Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes. Spurs view the Portugal international as a replacement for Eriksen. (A Bola) 
Real Madrid have already been the most active club in the European transfer market and, according to the latest rumours, they show no signs of slowing. We have asked our friends at Football Whispers to scour European media outlets to bring you the latest news from the continent.ItalyManchester United have launched an &#163;84m bid for Napoli's centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly. (Corriere dello Sport) Shakhtar Donetsk coach Paulo Fonseca is set to become the eighth Roma coach since the club's American owners took control in 2011. He has agreed an initial two-year deal with the option of a third worth &#163;2.22m per year. (Calciomercato)Napoli have joined the race for Manchester United forward Romelu Lukaku, who is also a target for Inter. The Belgian would prefer to work with new Nerazzurri coach Antonio Conte, though. (Corriere dello Sport)Juventus midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur is close to extending his contract with the club. The 22-year-old Uruguay midfielder will sign an extension until 2024. (Sky Sports Italia)The Serie A champions have agreed in principle a deal with Fiorentina for attacker Federico Chiesa, 21. The forward will earn &#163;4.44m per year with Juventus (Calciomercato)SpainAfter making Eintracht Frankfurt striker Luka Jovic their third signing ahead of the 2019/20 season - following defender Eder Militao and midfielder Rodrygo - Real Madrid are expected to complete deals for Lyon defender Ferland Mendy and Chelsea forward Eden Hazard soon.In the meantime, Real will put pressure on players to leave as they attempt to raise &#163;266m in sales to offset their spending. Among those Real are keen to offload is Spain forward Isco. (Marca)Real Madrid are undecided whether to pursue a move for Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba or Christian Eriksen of Tottenham Hotspur. The France World Cup winner is the pick of coach Zinedine Zidane while the Denmark international is the preferred choice of president Florentino Perez. (AS) Speaking while on international duty with Spain, Atletico Madrid midfielder Rodri has asked his current employers to \"give him space\" following reported interest from Premier League champions Manchester City. He also confirmed he has a &#163;62m release clause. (Deportes Cuatro)Barcelona defender Nelson Semedo wants to leave the Camp Nou to secure more regular football and Atletico are keen on the Portugual international as a replacement for Juanfran. However, Barca are not interested in entering into negotiations for the sale of the full-back. (Marca)Atletico Madrid have been told they will have to pay &#163;18m for Napoli midfielder Amadou Diawara. The 21-year-old is out of contract in June 2021. (AS)GermanyLiverpool have joined the growing list of clubs chasing Ajax's 19-year-old captain Matthijs de Ligt. Manchester United and Barcelona are already thought to be keen on the Netherlands defender. (Bild)  James Rodriguez will not join Bayern Munich permanently after his two-year loan with the club came to an end. CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said: \"He was with me and told me in a personal conversation that he asks the club to not exercise the [buying] option.\" (Bild) France Lyon defender Ferland Mendy yesterday underwent a medical at Real Madrid ahead of a proposed &#8364;50m (&#163;44.31m) switch to the Spanish giants. (L'Equipe)However, the Ligue 1 club have released a statement denying those claims: \"Olympique Lyonnais denies an agreement with Real Madrid for a possible transfer of its international defender Ferland Mendy, contrary to what can be relented by some media.\" (Olympique Lyonnais)Manchester United are interested in a deal for Lille and France goalkeeper Mike Maignan, 23. (Foot Mercato)

Manchester United have ruled out a move for Ajax defender Matthijs de Ligt, according to Sky sources. Reports in the national press over the weekend had suggested United could move for the &#163;65m-rated Netherlands international this summer.But Sky Sports News understands United have withdrawn the interest they held in De Ligt, with many among the Old Trafford hierarchy believing the 19-year-old is set to join Barcelona.Click here to listen to the Transfer Talk podcastClick here to listen on SpreakerWhen asked about his future on Sunday, De Ligt said: \"Where do I see myself? Well, obviously the Premier League is a big competition, Spain also, but you have other competitions, it's not (just) about those two.\"I still don't know anything about where my future is, so I see how it goes. First, we have to play two games (in the Nations League) and then after that, we'll see what happens next.\"De Ligt has been a regular for Ajax over the past three seasons and captained the club to a league and cup double this campaign.He was also instrumental in the Dutch side's run to the Champions League semi-finals - suffering defeat to Tottenham in the last four of the competition.On Saturday, Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu confirmed the Spanish club were working on departures from the Nou Camp as well as incoming transfers.De Ligt's Ajax and the Netherlands team-mate, Frenkie de Jong, has already agreed to move to Barcelona this summer for an initial &#163;65m.\"Every year new players come in. So far we have confirmed De Jong's signing and now we will work on bringing in others and moving players on, as is normal every summer,\" Bartomeu said.\"Now is not the moment to do anything. There are always new signings, but now is not the moment to talk about it.\"Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky SportsAs well as keeping an eye on Sky Sports News, make sure you don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There's also the return of the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across skysports.com and the Sky Sports App.
Matthijs de Ligt looks set to leave Ajax for Barcelona this summer, irrespective of interest from English clubs, <em>Sky Sports News</em> understands. The &#163;65m-rated Netherlands international has been linked with Liverpool and Manchester United after impressing in his side's run to the semi-finals of the Champions League.But the 19-year-old Ajax captain is understood to be closing on a move to the Nou Camp.De Ligt plays alongside Liverpool's Virgil van Djik in the Netherlands side but it is believed Jurgen Klopp does not feel he needs another centre-back.The defender would leave Ajax on a high, having helped them secure a domestic double this season, including their first Eredivisie title since 2014.Follow the Summer Transfer Window on Sky Sports As well as keeping an eye on Sky Sports News, make sure you don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There's also the return of the Transfer Talk Podcast, the daily UK, Regional and European Paper Talk, plus features across SkySports.com and the Sky Sports App.Transfer Centre LIVE!All the Premier League Ins and OutsDaily Paper Talk
Lionel Messi is set to win a third successive European Golden Shoe for the highest domestic league goalscorer after only realistic challenger Kylian Mbappe  finished the season three behind. After completing another prolific La Liga season having plundered 36 goals, Messi's tally meant Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe needed to score four against Reims in PSG's final Ligue 1 fixture on Friday night to deny Messi a historic individual treble.Mbappe, though, could only score once as PSG finished their season with a 3-1 defeat, meaning Messi is all-but confirmed as Europe's leading marksman once more, and will become the first player to win the award three times in a row.This will be the sixth time Messi has picked up the award after becoming the first footballer to win the European Golden Shoe on five occasions last season, surpassing four-time winner Cristiano Ronaldo.Mbappe finished second on 33 and Sampdoria striker Fabio Quagliarella was in third on 26, although the Italian has one final chance to add to his tally this weekend as Serie A draws to a close.
Many clubs across Europe, especially those whose seasons have finished, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkOur friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent&#8230;SpainManchester City are ready to meet Antoine Griezmann&#8217;s &#163;108m release clause as the race for the French forward heats up. The 28-year-old, who this week announced he will leave Atletico this summer, has been heavily linked with a move to Barcelona but Atleti may prefer for him to move abroad to eliminate the aspect of strengthening their La Liga rivals. (Sport)Other reports in Catalonia, however, appear to suggest that Griezmann&#8217;s move to the Camp Nou is a done deal. Ajax captain Matthijs de Ligt will also soon be announced as a Barcelona player, joining midfielder Frenkie de Jong. (Catalunya Radio)When Griezmann leaves Atletico, the club will target Arsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette as his replacement. The Frenchman has scored 19 goals for the Gunners this term and may be tempted by a move to the Spanish capital if Arsenal fail to qualify for the Champions League by winning the Europa League final. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are also monitoring Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford and Arsenal duo Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. (Mundo Deportivo)Real Madrid have revived their interest in River Plate midfielder Exequiel Palacios. The playmaker, who helped the Argentine club to Copa Libertadores glory last year inside Real&#8217;s Bernabeu stadium, was on the verge of joining the Spanish giants in January, only for the deal to collapse. (Cadena Ser)Alvaro Morata has confirmed his desire to stay at Atletico. The Spanish striker joined them on loan in January but has no intention of returning to Chelsea. &#8220;What I want is very clear, I want to be here,&#8221; he said. &#8220;I want to do everything I can to continue playing at this club and be a success here, I have no intention of going back anywhere else and I am very happy here.&#8221; (Marca)Gareth Bale wants to start Real Madrid&#8217;s game against Real Betis on Sunday to bid farewell to the club&#8217;s fans. The Welshman is set for a summer exit after being informed he isn&#8217;t part of Zinedine Zidane&#8217;s plans. (Marca) ItalyInter Milan striker Mauro Icardi wants a move to Juventus. The Argentine has endured a turbulent season at the San Siro, which has included being replaced as captain, and covets a switch to the Serie A champions. (Gazzetta dello Sport)AC Milan CEO Ivan Gazidis is set to meet Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri. The Rossoneri are expected to part company with head coach Gennaro Gattuso, with Sarri emerging as one of their top targets to replace him. Sarri&#8217;s future at Stamford Bridge is uncertain and he may be attracted to a return to Italy. (Sport Mediaset)Roma are set to appoint Atalanta boss Gian Piero Gasperini as their new head coach, with the 61-year-old expected to pen a three-year deal. (Football Italia)All the Premier League Ins and OutsDaily Paper TalkWith head coach Massimiliano Allegri&#8217;s future still in the balance, Juventus have decided to make Douglas Costa, Mario Mandzukic, Alex Sandro, Joao Cancelo and Paulo Dybala available for transfer. (Tuttosport)GermanyEintracht Frankfurt striker Luka Jovic is edging closer to Real Madrid but the club are yet to agree on a price. The Spanish giants appear to have won the race for the highly rated 21-year-old, who has scored 27 goals this season, but while Los Blancos are prepared to pay &#163;43.7m, Eintracht want in excess of &#163;60m. (Sport Bild)Bayer Leverkusen playmaker Julian Brandt is expected to snub interest from the Premier League in favour of staying in Germany. Borussia Dortmund are among the 23-year-old&#8217;s potential suitors. (Sky Germany)FranceLaurent Blanc turned down an approach from Fulham in December. The Frenchman is still actively looking for work and has recently been linked with the Roma job. Blanc has not managed since leaving Paris Saint-Germain in 2016. (L&#8217;Equipe)
All the latest from the European papers as Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Barcelona goalkeeper Jasper Cillessen. Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSpainManchester United are interested in Jasper Cillessen, who is expected to leave Barcelona this summer in the pursuit of more regular first team football. The Dutchman, who has also been linked with Benfica, is under contract until 2021 and has a release clause of &#8364;60m, but is likely to be let go for less. (Diario Sport)All the Premier League Ins and OutsAtletico Madrid are hopeful of replacing the outgoing Antoine Griezmann with Benfica wonderkid Joao Felix, who has been linked with a host of top European clubs, including Manchester United, Manchester City and Borussia Dortmund. The 19-year-old will not come cheap - he has a release clause of &#8364;120m - but Atletico could fund the transfer with the sale of Griezmann. (Marca)Barcelona target Griezmann looks set to make the switch to the Nou Camp after it emerged that his lawyer, Sevan Karian, will meet with club executives this weekend to negotiate a deal. The Frenchman has also been linked with Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City but Barcelona now appears to be his preferred destination. (Marca)There could yet be more outgoings at Atletico, with highly rated midfielder Rodri potentially on his way to Manchester City. The Premier League champions have made a formal &#8364;70m offer for the 22-year-old, and the player is believed to be keen on joining the club. (AS)Real Madrid will not attempt to sign Neymar from PSG because they are wary of hindering the development of Vinicius Junior, who has enjoyed an impressive breakthrough season with Los Blancos. Those inside the club still believe a deal to bring Neymar to the club is a possibility, but the priority this summer is Chelsea's Eden Hazard. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyInter Milan have identified Everton forward Richarlison as a summer target and could offer midfielder Joao Mario in a part-exchange deal. The 22-year-old Brazilian joined the Toffees from Watford last year and has scored 14 goals in 38 games this season. (Tuttosport) AC Milan could yet choose to keep manager Gennaro Gattuso, who has been under pressure for months and was expected to lose his job come the end of the season. The Rossoneri had identified former Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco and Chelsea's Maurizio Sarri as potential replacements, but dismissing Gattuso would cost a reported &#8364;8m. (Corriere della Sera)Daily Paper TalkJuventus have contacted Maurizio Sarri's agent as they look to replace Massimiliano Allegri with the Chelsea coach. The former Napoli manager is under contract at Stamford Bridge until 2021, but the Serie A champions view him as the best option. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Vice president Pavel Nedved, meanwhile, is determined to bring Antonio Conte back to the club. Inter are also interested in the former Chelsea boss, who has been out of a job since leaving the Blues last year. (La Repubblica)Germany Bayern Munich remain undecided on the future of coach Niko Kovac, who could deliver an eighth successive Bundesliga title this weekend. Winning silverware, though, might not be enough to save the Croatian, with CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge unconvinced by his work at the club this season. (Bild)FrancePSG are stepping up their efforts to sign 22-year-old Lyon midfielder Tanguy Ndombele. Several meetings have been held with the player's entourage, but the French champions could face competition from Tottenham and Juventus. (L'Equipe)PortugalLiverpool have been linked with a move for Sporting youngster Andre Cardoso. The 18-year-old striker, who has not made a first-team appearance for Sporting, is set to leave the Portuguese club and could make the switch to Anfield this summer. (Jornal Madeira)
Many clubs across Europe, especially those whose seasons have finished, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent&#8230;PortugalTottenham have stepped up their interest in Benfica winger Jota.The 20-year-old has impressed after being promoted from the Portuguese side's youth academy and reportedly has a &#163;26.3m release clause in his contract. (Record)Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainBarcelona boss Ernesto Valverde says the club will find a place for Antoine Griezmann if the Frenchman joins from Atletico Madrid this summer.Barca have been tipped to sign the 28-year-old for &#163;108m after he announced his desire to leave Atleti. \"I've always said that [Griezmann] is a great player,\" Valverde said. \"If he ends up coming to Barcelona, we will see [where we will fit him in the team], but now we are talking about assumptions and about a player who may come or may not.\" (Marca)A report has suggested, however, that Barcelona's players are less than enthused by Griezmann's prospective arrival. Griezmann, they feel, is 'persona non grata' with additional question marks over his commitment given how he snubbed Barca's interest last summer. (Sport)Real Madrid fans would prefer their club to move for Eden Hazard as opposed to Paul Pogba. In a survey involving 160,000 supporters, Chelsea's Belgian forward topped the poll with 30 per cent of the vote. Luka Jovic was second with just over 20% while Manchester United midfielder Pogba finished last, managing just over 11 per cent. (AS)But Real boss Zinedine Zidane may have the budget to finance deals for both Hazard and Pogba. The Frenchman will reportedly have as much as &#163;260m to spend on new players with Los Blancos expected to have one of their busiest summers in years.Pogba and Hazard have been heavily linked while the Spanish giants are also credited with an interest in Jovic and Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen. (Marca)Papers: Pogba must request Real moveItalySimone Inzaghi, Maurizio Sarri and Sinisa Mihajlovic are the three frontrunners to replace Massimiliano Allegri at Juventus. Inzaghi is fresh from guiding Lazio to Coppa Italia glory, Sarri's future at Chelsea is uncertain while Mihajlovic returned to Bologna in January following a brutally short-lived spell as Sporting Lisbon boss. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Allegri, meanwhile, has emerged as a contender to take over at Roma. Atalanta boss Gian Piero Gasperini has also been linked with the Giallorossi job. (Corriere dello Sport)Napoli are set to offer Dries Mertens a one-year contract extension, which would keep the Belgian at the club until 2021. The 32-year-old has scored 17 times in all competitions for Carlo Ancelotti's side this season, helping them secure second place in Serie A behind Juventus. (Gazzetta dello Sport)FranceChelsea have triggered a clause in Olivier Giroud's contract which will see the Frenchman stay at Stamford Bridge until 2021. The former Arsenal man has scored ten times to help the Blues reach this year's Europa League final. (Telefoot)Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas confirms he has already received multiple offers for midfielder Tanguy Ndombele. Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham are among the clubs thought to be chasing the 22-year-old France international's signature. (L'Equipe)Kompany new Anderlecht player-managerKompany leaves Manchester CityGermanyBorussia Monchengladbach midfielder Thorgan Hazard has announced his transfer to Borussia Dortmund.\"When a club like Borussia Dortmund calls you, the motivation is clear,\" the 26-year-old said. \"It is good to have someone that I know [Axel Witsel] there. I hope that I will adapt easily, but I don't think there will be any issues.\" (Sport Bild)Bayer Leverkusen CEO Rudi Voller says a decision on Julian Brandt's future will be made over the course of the next week. The 23-year-old has been linked with Tottenham, Dortmund and Liverpool.\"Julian Brandt has some requests, we know that, and there will be a decision over the next five, six or seven days,\" Voller said. Voller also confirmed that highly rated 19-year-old Kai Havertz will stay at the club this summer. (Sky Germany)
Thousands of Ajax fans turned out in the centre of Amsterdam to celebrate winning a domestic league and cup double. The Dutch club sealed the Eredivisie title on Wednesday with a 4-1 win over De Graafschap, to add to their Dutch Cup success earlier this month.Erik ten Hag's players celebrated with more than 100,000 supporters on Thursday as they showed off both pieces of silverware at Amsterdam's Museumplein.Amid the celebrations, the Ajax players held aloft a banner paying tribute to Abdelhak Nouri, the Ajax star who suffered career-ending brain damage in 2017. Nouri's father and brother were also invited onto the stage for the celebrations.To watch the Ajax celebrations, click on the video above.
Ajax took a giant step towards the Eredivisie title on Sunday with a 4-1 win against FC Utrecht. Victory for Erik Ten Hag's side, who were stunned in the Champions League semi-finals by Tottenham in midweek, combined with a 1-0 defeat for nearest rivals PSV Eindhoven at AZ Alkmaar, saw Ajax open up a three-point gap at the top of the table, with only one match remaining.Ajax also have a plus-14 superior goal difference to PSV, with the final round of matches taking place on Wednesday.Ajax did it the hard way, falling behind inside one minute to Othman Boussaid's goal. However, Klaas-Jan Huntelaar and Donny Van De Beek replied for the hosts to turn the game on its head before half-time.A second-half double from Dusan Tadic, his second goal coming from the penalty spot, sealed what looks to be a priceless victory after Guus Til's 49th-minute strike for AZ was enough to defeat PSV.Robin van Persie ended his career at Feyenoord in Rotterdam but there was no fairytale finish as they were surprisingly beaten 2-0 at home by ADO Den Haag. The former Arsenal and Manchester United striker did hit the woodwork with a first-half effort before going off to a massive ovation in stoppage time.The 35-year-old, who made his debut for Feyenoord as a 17-year-old, scored 50 goals in 102 appearances for the Netherlands.NAC Breda were relegated after losing 2-1 at Heerenveen. Menno Koch's equalising goal cancelled out Sam Lammers' opener for the hosts but Heerenveen snatched victory in added time through Mitchell Van Bergen's effort.De Graafschap will join Excelsior in the relegation play-offs.
Leagues around Europe are drawing to a close and the winner of the Golden Shoe will be decided shortly. The award is presented to the top scorer in league matches among the top divisions of every European league and has been won by Barcelona's Lionel Messi for the last two years.Here's all you need to know about the 2018/19 award, including whether Messi is set to make it three in a row&#8230;Best of the season awardsMane, Salah, Auba share Golden BootHow does the award work and who is in contention?The Golden Shoe uses a points system that means goals scored in \"tougher\" leagues count for more than goals scored in other leagues.Goals scored in the top five leagues according to the UEFA coefficients list (currently Spain, England, Italy, Germany and France) are multiplied by a factor of two.Goals scored in the leagues ranked six to 21 (which includes Portugal, Turkey and the Netherlands) are multiplied by a factor of 1.5, and goals scored in leagues ranked 22 and below are multiplied by a factor of one.Messi currently leads the standings with 36 goals (72 points).Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe is second with 30 goals (60 points) and Sampdoria striker Fabio Quagliarella is third with 26 goals (52 points).Galatasaray striker Mbaye Diagne is a surprise entrant in fourth place with 30 goals (45 points) this season.There are then five players level on 22 goals and 44 points.They are Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski and Atalanta's Duvan Zapata, along with the three winners of the Premier League Golden Boot - Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah.Can anyone overtake Messi?Messi will be looking to secure the award for a sixth time and he is also set to win the Pichichi Trophy for the top scorer in La Liga as he leads by 15 goals from Luis Suarez and Karim Benzema.Mbappe's efforts to win the Golden Shoe have been hampered after he received a three-game ban after his red card in the Coupe de France final.He has served the suspension and will be available for PSG's final two games of the season, which are against relegation-threatened Dijon on Saturday and then mid-table Reims on the final day.Quagliarella also has two games to catch Messi, although he would need a remarkable finish in Sampdoria's final matches against Chievo and Juventus.Where does Ronaldo rank?Cristiano Ronaldo is the closest challenger to Messi's overall tally of five Golden Shoe awards. The Juventus forward has won the award four times, with nobody else having won it more than twice.However, Ronaldo, who last won the award in 2014/15, is currently level with seven other players on 21 goals (42 points).He has scored in two of his last four matches for Juventus and has the chance to move up in their final game against Sampdoria.Manchester City's Sergio Aguero is also on 21 goals along with Ajax's Dusan Tadic and Barcelona's Suarez.
Many clubs across Europe, especially those whose seasons have finished, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkOur friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent&#8230;FranceThe race for Lille star Nicolas Pepe is heating up with Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain among the clubs interested. The 23-year-old, who has also attracted interest from Arsenal in the past, enjoyed an outstanding season in Ligue 1, scoring 20 goals and adding 11 assists to help Lille qualify for the Champions League. The French club are likely to demand close to &#163;70m for his signature. (Le Parisien)PSG have opened contract talks with star man Kylian Mbappe. The 20-year-old has been in scintillating form this season after helping France to World Cup glory last summer, scoring 36 goals in 41 appearances in all competitions as Les Parisiens retained their Ligue 1 title. Mbappe&#8217;s current deal runs until 2023. (RMC)Jose Mourinho has refused to be drawn on his relationship with Paul Pogba at Manchester United. The Portuguese boss, who was sacked by United in December, also claims that the problems which existed during his tenure are still very much present at Old Trafford.&#8220;The problems are there,&#8221; he said. &#8220;You can say that these are the players, the organisation, the ambition, I only say I cannot say yes when you ask if Paul was the only one responsible.&#8221; (L&#8217;Equipe)SpainBarcelona have lost ground in their bid to sign Ajax captain Matthijs de Ligt. The 19-year-old has been tipped to follow Frenkie de Jong to the Camp Nou but doubts have emerged among the player&#8217;s camp relating to game time, with Gerard Pique, Samuel Umtiti and Clement Lenglet already established in his position. Juventus and Bayern Munich are thought to be monitoring the situation. (Mundo Deportivo)Real Madrid may sell up to 14 players this summer, including the likes of Gareth Bale, Keylor Navas and Marcos Llorente. Real, who are expected to have a busy summer of incomings with Eden Hazard topping their transfer wishlist, are also prepared to sell returning loanees, including James Rodriguez, Mateo Kovacic and Martin Odegaard. (Marca)Atletico Madrid may have as much as &#163;200m to spend on new players this summer. The club are braced for a string of high-profile departures, headlined by Antoine Griezmann, who this week announced his desire to seek a new challenge. Midfielder Rodri is also linked with a move away while &#163;75m has been generated from the sale of Lucas Hernandez to Bayern Munich. (Marca) Barcelona full-back Nelson Semedo is weighing up a possible summer exit with clubs in England and Italy thought to be interested. The 25-year-old has been frustrated with a lack of regular starts since joining Barca from Benfica in 2017. Manchester United and Tottenham are possible destinations. (Marca)Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus remain keen on bringing Paul Pogba back to Italy. The Frenchman has been linked with a move away from Manchester United this summer and, although Barcelona and Real Madrid have been mentioned, Juve may be best-placed to swoop. The Serie A champions may offer Paulo Dybala and Douglas Costa as makeweights. (Tuttosport)Inter are weighing up a bid for Fiorentina winger Federico Chiesa. The club are keen to land the 21-year-old and may offer Yann Karamoh and Zinho Vanheusden as part of the deal. (Corriere dello Sport)Inter and Juventus have both met with the agent of Alexis Sanchez over a potential move for the Manchester United playmaker. The Chilean has disappointed following his move from Arsenal in January 2018 and could make a return to Italian football eight years after leaving Udinese for Barcelona. (Gianluca Di Marzio)GermanyManchester United and Real Madrid have revived interest in Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski. The Poland international, who has scored 38 goals in 45 games this season, is under contract until 2021. Bayern want to extend his deal to 2022 but Lewandowski would prefer a longer extension. United and Real have both been linked with the 30-year-old in the past. (Kicker)Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Julian Brandt is attracting serious interest with Borussia Dortmund, Atletico Madrid and Tottenham all said to have held talks with the player&#8217;s father. Brandt, 23, is expected to leave Bayer Leverkusen should they fail to secure Champions League football for next season. (Sport Bild)

Many clubs across Europe, especially those whose seasons have finished, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. So, with that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Hazard: Chelsea know what I wantPaper Talk: Lacazette flattered by Barca interestSpainBarcelona manager Ernesto Valverde has attempted to cool speculation over his future, insisting that he retains the support of club president Josep Bartomeu. Valverde's future was plunged into uncertainty after Barca's Champions League semi-final collapse against Liverpool. \"I have spoken with Bartomeu, and I feel supported by him and by the club,\" Valverde said. \"I know that after a result like that there are always a lot of comments, but we must not overreact to the situation like a child having a tantrum.\" (Football Espana)Barcelona have also progressed with their negotiations with Ajax over the transfer of Matthijs de Ligt. The newly-crowned La Liga champions have acted quickly following speculation that Liverpool have stepped up their own pursuit. A delegation from Barca travelled to Amsterdam last week but it is thought that the Catalan club and De Ligt's representatives have not yet agreed on a deal. The 19-year-old&#8217;s team-mate, Frenkie de Jong, has already agreed on a move to the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo)Gareth Bale's Real Madrid career seems to be over after Zinedine Zidane dropped the Welshman from his squad for Sunday&#8217;s defeat to Real Sociedad. There is said to be a &#8216;complete breakdown&#8217; in the relationship between player and manager. Bale, who is under contract at Los Blancos until 2022, wants to stay but Zidane is keen to offload the 29-year-old. (AS)ItalyManchester United are willing to entertain a potential swap deal involving Alexis Sanchez and Juventus playmaker Paulo Dybala. Talks between the clubs have already taken place but United will likely have to fork up a sum of money for the Argentine's services too given his reported &#163;85m price-tag. (Corriere di Torino) Antonio Conte is edging closer to joining Inter after reportedly agreeing to terms on a three-year contract. The former Juventus and Chelsea boss is poised to replace Luciano Spalletti at the end of the season having turned down the chance to take the Roma job. (La Repubblica)Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez has emerged as a candidate for the Roma job. Claudio Ranieri will depart at the end of the season and having missed out on Conte, the Giallorossi have turned their attention to former Inter and Napoli boss Benitez as well as current Atalanta head coach Gian Piero Gasperini. Sampdoria boss Marco Giampaolo is also being considered. (Il Messaggero)FranceArsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette admits he is 'flattered' by reported interest from Barcelona. The Frenchman, who joined the Gunners for &#163;46.5m in 2017, has scored 19 goals in all competitions this term and hopes to round off Unai Emery's first season at the helm with Europa League success. Reports in Spain have suggested that Barca will move for the 27-year-old if they fail in their bid for Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann. (Telefoot) GermanyBayern Munich manager Niko Kovac's future remains in doubt with the hierarchy keen to challenge for the Champions League next season. Kovac is on the verge of clinching the Bundesliga title in his first season at the helm but club president Uli Hoeness is said to have been disappointed with their Champions League round-of-16 exit to Liverpool. (Bild)RB Leipzig are hoping the imminent arrival of Julian Nagelsmann as head coach will help convince striker Timo Werner to stay. The 23-year-old Germany international, who is out of contract in 2020, has been strongly linked with a move to Bayern Munich. However, while Leipzig want over &#163;50m, Bayern value him closer to &#163;30m. (Suddeutsche Zeitung)
Robin van Persie will play his final match as a professional when Feyenoord take on Den Haag in the Eredivisie. Feyenoord boss Giovanni van Bronckhorst confirmed on Friday that Sunday's match would be Van Persie's last as a footballer in a career that saw him spend 11 seasons in the Premier League with Arsenal and Manchester United.Van Persie is eighth on Arsenal's list of all-time record goalscorers and won the Premier League in his first season with Manchester United in 2012/13.He will finish his career as the Netherlands' highest goalscorer with 50 goals in 102 caps and with the club with whom he made his debut in 2001.Van Persie reached the World Cup final with the Netherlands in 2010 and won an FA Cup medal with Arsenal in 2005.
The Premier League season concludes this weekend and while the majority of Europe's top divisions still have a few rounds of fixtures to go, attention is on the transfer market throughout the continent. Our friends at Football Whispers have scoured the continental press to ensure you do not miss a single deal.Transfer Centre LIVE!Herrera confirms United exitPaper Talk: Sancho's transfer callSpainMarcos Llorente is one of the players who will leave Real Madrid at the end of the season as Zinedine Zidane attempts to build a squad in his image. The Spaniard, 24, is attracting interest from Arsenal, Manchester United, Sevilla and Atletico Madrid. (AS)Luka Modric will remain at Real Madrid next year despite reports linking him with a move to Inter Mlian. The Croatia international has not been at his imperious best this term, despite coming into the season off the back of captaining his country to the World Cup final, but Zidane trusts the 33-year-old even though he will not play as regularly next season. (Marca)Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone insists he has 'no fear' of losing star forward Antoine Griezmann amid continual links with Spanish rivals Barcelona. \"He will continue with us,\" Simeone said. \"I have no fear of losing him, he is our captain and what happens afterwards no longer depends on us.\" (AS)Theo Hernandez is another Real Madrid player who looks set to exit the Santiago Bernabeu this summer and the French defender could be set to leave Spain altogether. A price of &#8364;30m will be enough to secure the 21-year-old's services and Napoli coach Carlo Ancelotti is a known admirer of the left-back. (AS) Real have identified Lyon left-back Ferland Mendy as the long-term heir to Marcelo. The Brazilian is 30 and has been out of favour this season with academy product Sergio Reguilon often preferred. Real have identified Mendy, 23, as their top target but OL will hold out for around &#8364;45m. (Marca)ItalyInter will turn to former Juventus and Chelsea coach Antonio Conte to replace Luciano Spalletti. Conte has been out of work since leaving the Blues at the end of the 2017/18 season and Inter chairman Steven Zhang has been reluctant to pay off former Roma boss Spalletti at a reported cost of &#8364;23m. Conte will earn &#8364;10m per season on a three-year deal. (Tuttosport) Former Arsenal CEO Ivan Gazidis will return to his former club in an attempt to bring defender Shkodran Mustafi to AC Milan this summer. Gazidis was responsible for signing the German World Cup winner from Valencia in the summer of 2016. (Tuttosport)PSV Eindhoven's Mexico superstar Hirving Lozano could be set for a surprise move to Napoli. Long linked with a switch to the Premier League, the versatile forward starred for his country at the 2018 World Cup. A price of &#8364;40m could be enough to get the deal done. (Il Mattino)Germany Bayern Munich will ask club doctor Hans-Wilhelm M&#252;ller-Wohlfahrt to assess out-of-favour Chelsea star Callum Hudson-Odoi's injury before the Bavarians decide whether to make another offer for the 18-year-old forward. Bayern are believed to have made an offer in the region of &#163;40m for the England international during the January transfer window. (Bild) FranceManchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has long been linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain and the midfielder has confirmed he will leave Old Trafford when his contract expires at the end of this season. A holding midfielder is a must for PSG this summer and the 29-year-old fits the bill. (Le10Sport) Paris Saint-Germain coach Thomas Tuchel says the Parisiens will have a clear No 1 between the sticks next season after alternating between veteran stopper Gianluigi Buffon and French prospect Alphonse Areola this season. \"We need a No. 1 next season,\" Tuchel said. \"We cannot continue like this, we are the only club in the world to do it like this.\" (Get French Football News)TurkeyThe agent of Arsenal star Mesut Ozil insists the German attacker 'bleeds Arsenal' and will remain with the Gunners until his contract expires. Dr Erkut Sogut said: \"Mesut bleeds Arsenal red, and respecting his contract is a certainty. He'll be staying at Arsenal until at least 2021, and the fans need not to worry about the gossip that may come this summer. He has found a place he feels welcome and believes he has a lot more to give.\" (Turkish-Football)
Tottenham defender Toby Alderweireld says a future return to former club Ajax is \"100 per cent in his head\". The Belgium international helped Spurs secure a memorable 3-2 comeback victory over Ajax on Wednesday evening to set up a Champions League final against Liverpool in Madrid on June 1.Spurs' epic comeback: Essential reading'Kane half-time rage inspired us'Alderweireld started his career at Ajax and went on to make nearly 200 appearances for the Dutch side, winning the Eredivisie title on three occasions.When asked about a potential return to Amsterdam, the 30-year-old told Voetbal International: \"I don't want to make too popular statements, but it is certainly 100 per cent in my head.\"I have had wonderful times here with three championships, but also lows. But my family was happy here too.\"Spurs' heroics reward Poch's projectAjax vs Spurs player ratings Tottenham exercised their option to extend Alderweireld's contract until 2020 in January, but in doing so, activated a clause in his contract which states he can leave for &#163;25m.Manchester United were interested in signing Alderweireld last summer, but failed to agree terms with Tottenham on a deal.In the aftermath of the 2018 summer transfer window, Alderweireld insisted he never wanted to leave Tottenham and has since featured 48 times in all competitions this season.
With Manchester City and Liverpool locked in the most enthralling Premier League title race since 2012, it is not just in England where the battle for domestic honours is set for a tense finish. The race to be crowned Premier League winners for the 2018/19 season is going down to the final day of the season, which can be watched live on Sky Sports, but there is no less drama in various locations across the continent.Who qualifies for Europe?Find out more about Sky SportsBarcelona have already wrapped up their eighth La Liga title in the last 11 years in Spain, while Paris Saint-Germain eventually passed the finish line in Ligue 1 to claim a seventh crown since 2013.Juventus sealed an eighth straight Serie A title with five games to spare, and the Bundesliga shield looks set for a familiar destination.Bayern Munich have taken a four-point lead over Borussia Dortmund and only need to match their rivals' result in their penultimate match this weekend - away to RB Leipzig - in order to lift the domestic title for a record-extending seventh year in a row.But look a little deeper across the other European leagues, and you will find title races dripping with the same tension and drama that has seen the league change hands 30 times during this memorable Premier League campaign...Portuguese Primeira LigaLeaders: Benfica (81 points)Chasers: Porto (79 points) Porto won the Primeira Liga by seven points last season to qualify automatically for the Champions League group stage, but Sergio Conceicao's side have found life considerably harder this time around. The 28-times Portuguese champions trail Benfica by two points heading into their final two games. The Lisbon club had won the previous four titles before it was wrestled off them last term, and they will be hoping for a favour from fierce rivals Sporting on the final day, when they face Porto.The runners-up will have the added complication of having to play in the Champions League third qualifying round next season. Dutch EredivisieLeaders: Ajax (80 points)Chasers: PSV Eindhoven (80 points) Ajax have been one of the feel-good stories of the season after their magical run to the brink of the Champions League final, but they are still in contention for a treble this season. Erik ten Hag's side celebrated success in Dutch Cup final at the weekend by beating Willem II 4-0 - but they are locked in an intense battle to win the Eredivisie with their old rivals PSV Eindhoven. If two sides are locked on the same number of points in the Netherlands' top flight, the championship is decided on goal difference in the same way it is in the Premier League.Ajax currently have a superior goal difference, meaning if both they and PSV win their final two games, the chasers will need a 10-goal swing in order to usurp the leaders. Ajax's exploits in Europe - and the subsequent rest period they were afforded along with all Dutch clubs by the KNVB before facing Tottenham in the Champions League semi-final first leg - means that Mark van Bommel will have gone 17 days without a match before they take on AZ Alkmaar - a fact that has not gone unnoticed by supporters.Turkish Super LigLeaders: Galatasaray (63 points)Chasers: Istanbul Basaksehir (63 points) Istanbul Basaksehir are yet to win the Turkish Super Lig in their history, but they have watched a six-point lead slip out of their hands over the past fortnight. Basaksehir have taken two points from their last three games, allowing Galatasaray to move ahead of them courtesy of a superior head-to-head record. Galatasaray beat Besiktas 2-0 on Sunday to land a significant blow to their Istanbul rival's faint hopes of gate-crashing the title race - and Basaksehir visit Galatasaray in their penultimate game of the campaign in what looks set to be a championship decider.Third-placed Besiktas still have an outside chance of winning the title, but they must hope that the two sides above them play out a draw and they win all three of their remaining matches. That would still require both Galatasaray and Istanbul Basaksehir to drop further points. What about the race for top four?The battle to finish in fourth place in La Liga is making up for the shortage of suspense at the very top of the table in Spain.Jose Bordalas' well-drilled Getafe side earned another straightforward win at the weekend and are now four points from sealing qualification for next season's Champions League. The Madrid club, who have the third lowest attendance in La Liga, were playing in the second division three seasons ago and are keeping Valencia and Sevilla at arm's length. \"It was unthinkable that Getafe would fight to get into Europe,\" said Bordalas upon hearing his team were guaranteed at least a Europa League spot. \"We have to enjoy that, although there are two games to go.\" Getafe head to the Nou Camp in the penultimate game where they could face a weakened Barcelona outfit given they are closing in on a Champions League final appearance on June 1. Fifth-placed Valencia travel to relegation-threatened Valladolid on the final day, while Sevilla in sixth must visit the Wanda Metropolitano to take on Atletico Madrid this weekend.Meanwhile, Atalanta require seven points from their final three Serie A matches to guarantee qualification for the Champions League for the first time in their history. Gian Piero Gasperini's side are three points above fifth-place Roma and both play two of the same teams in their final three matches, Juventus and Sassuolo. \"We believed we could get into the Champions League, now we believe even more,\" Gasperini said after Sunday's 3-1 win at Lazio.\"We started out aiming to qualify for the Europa League, but after the victory at Napoli we began to really believe in the Champions League.\" The fight for the final Champions League spot could come down to goal difference with Atalanta and Roma locked in an even head-to-head record, following a pair of 3-3 draws.Atalanta have a much superior difference of 28, compared to Roma's 15, thanks in part to scoring a league-leading 71 goals - two more than champions Juventus.
Many clubs across Europe, especially those with little to play for, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. So, with that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Man Utd close to &#163;15m James dealPapers: Arsenal target PerezSpainManchester United will have to pay &#163;85m to sign Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona. The Brazilian has struggled in Spain and is one of ten players the La Liga club plan to offload this summer. (AS)Atletico Madrid must pay an additional &#163;15m to keep Alvaro Morata at the club for the 2019/20 season. The Spanish striker joined Atleti on loan from Chelsea in January and would prefer to remain in the Spanish capital. (AS)Chelsea and Real Madrid are close to an agreement on deals for Eden Hazard and Mateo Kovacic. The Belgian will cost Los Blancos around &#163;100m. (Marca) Watford and Norwich are interested in signing Eibar striker Sergi Enrich, who is out of contract this summer. The 29-year-old striker has scored seven goals and claimed four assists this season. (Marca) Santiago Arias is set to be sold by Atletico Madrid after just one season at the club. Napoli are interested in the Colombian full-back, who would cost around &#163;10m. (Marca) ItalyChelsea boss Maurizio Sarri has emerged as a shock contender to take over at Juventus this summer if Massimiliano Allegri quits the club. The Blues would move for Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag if the Italian was to depart. (Tuttosport) Cagliari midfielder Nicolo Barella has hinted he would be happy to move to England this summer. The midfielder was pursued by Chelsea in January and has also been linked with a move to Arsenal. (Sport Mediaset)  However, Inter remain the frontrunners to sign Barella and are ready to offer Cagliari one or two players to help smooth negotiations. (Sport Mediaset) Diego Godin has agreed a three-year deal with Inter Milan and will join the club this summer. The Italian club will pay the Uruguayan around &#163;95k-a-week. (Corriere dello Sport)FranceBarcelona are close to agreeing a five-year contract with Antoine Griezmann ahead of a summer move. A &#163;100m buyout clause in the Atletico Madrid forward's contract becomes active this summer and the La Liga champions are confident of clinching a deal. (Le Parisien)Neymar has changed his mind about his future at Paris Saint-Germain once again and the Brazilian now wants to leave the club in the summer. Real Madrid remain interested in the 27-year-old. (Le Sport 10) GermanyBorussia Dortmund have held talks with Ajax over a summer move for Donny van de Beek. The midfielder impressed during the Dutch club's run to the Champions League semi-finals and is also a Real Madrid transfer target. (Bild) Hannover will not exercise their &#163;3m option to sign American striker Bobby Wood permanently this summer from Hamburg, who are willing to tear up the 26-year-old's contract. (Bild) HollandTottenham Hotspur defender Toby Alderweireld plans to return to Ajax in the future. \"I don't want to make too popular statements, but it is certainly 100 per cent in my head. (Voetbal International) Portugal Benfica's Alex Grimaldo is wanted by Borussia Dortmund and Napoli. The Spanish left-back has a &#163;35m release clause which both clubs are willing to match. (O Jogo) 
Having dismantled Real Madrid and Juventus already this season, <a href='https://www.skysports.com/football/tottenham-vs-ajax/report/406463'>Ajax subjected Tottenham to the same treatment</a> in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final. Are there any limits for this brilliant young side? Nick Wright reports on their latest statement of intent. In the 10 or so minutes before kick-off, when the PA system was switched off and the fans were left to create the noise on their own, the atmosphere inside the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium was electrifying. This was a historic night for the hosts and it certainly felt like it. Out on the pitch, though, it was Ajax, not Spurs, who had come to put on a show.It did not take long for the deafening noise from the home supporters to subside, their optimism making way for angst as Ajax's fearless young side - the youngest to appear in a Champions League semi-final since 2013 - pushed them deeper and deeper into their own half with a mesmerising display of possession football which harked back to their glorious past.Live Football: What's on Sky this weekGet 2 football channels for the price of 1We already knew what this Ajax team could do, of course. Their victories over Real Madrid and Juventus sent shockwaves around Europe and before that they went unbeaten in four group stage games against Bayern Munich and Benfica. But it was still extraordinary to see Spurs so comprehensively outplayed on their own turf in that opening half-hour.Ajax had close to 70 per cent of the possession in that period, making a mockery of their underdog status, and the dominance stemmed from midfield, where the trio of Frenkie De Jong, goalscorer Donny van De Beek and Lasse Schone completely overwhelmed their opponents. Victor Wanyama could not get close to them and neither could anyone else.On the flanks, Hakim Ziyech and David Neres tore into Danny Rose and Kieran Trippier respectively, while in the false nine position Dusan Tadic's movement opened up huge gaps in Tottenham's stricken back three. At times, it seemed Toby Alderweireld, Davinson Sanchez and Jan Vertonghen did not know whether they were coming or going.Tottenham player ratingsAjax's attacking players all had brilliant individual moments but it is as a collective that this team is most impressive. The interplay was breathtaking in its intricacy. Their precise passing pulled Spurs apart in the build-up to Van de Beek's goal and it was not an isolated occurrence.De Jong was at the heart of it, making more passes in the opposition half than any other player from the base of Ajax's midfield. The 21-year-old is brilliant to watch in possession, his composure remarkable, and on Wednesday night he was equally impressive out of it. Time and again, when Spurs attempted to break out in those early stages, he was there to snuff out the danger and get the visitors moving forwards again. It is a measure of just how good Ajax were that Mauricio Pochettino was forced to completely abandon his game plan before the opening half-hour was out. Ajax were too quick and too clever. The back three became a back four, Moussa Sissoko was brought into the midfield in place of the dazed Vertonghen, and suddenly Spurs were able to get a grip on the game.It became a different test for Ajax after that, but their response underlined their credentials even more strongly. It was then that they showed substance to complement their style.Pochettino: I got tactics wrongTottenham finished the first half with a period of heavy pressure and they picked up where they left off immediately after the break. A goal at that point would have changed the course of the tie and it seemed Spurs might get it when the ball fell to Dele Alli in a scoring position inside the first minute of the half, but there was Matthijs de Ligt, sliding in to make a heroic block.It set the tone for the display of resilience to follow. The centre-back, captaining his side in a Champions League semi-final at the age of just 19, was outstanding alongside Daley Blind, but most crucial of all was that the entire team kept its discipline. The possession stats were flipped on their head but Ajax adapted, maintaining their defensive shape, showing remarkable maturity and limiting Tottenham to only one shot on target.The patient probing of the first half was no more, with Spurs now the team on the front foot, but Ajax carried a new threat on the break. They were primed to pounce on every mistake and it was from one such counter-attack that Neres struck the post in the closing stages. Ajax manager Erik ten Hag described it as an \"amazing performance\" in his post-match press conference, lauding their dominant start but also making a point of praising the grittier elements of the display.\"We had less possession in the second half but what was really good is that the players fought really hard,\" he said. \"We have a team that works together really well and can play football in different styles. We can defend very well and we are very resilient. I think it's an excellent result for us.\"Pochettino insisted the tie is still open and he is right about that. But Spurs will head to Amsterdam next week knowing an immense challenge awaits them. If Ajax can play with such personality and composure on a stage like this, then what is to stop them from completing the job at home? And what is to stop them from going all the way?Will Tottenham recover? Watch their meeting with Bournemouth live on Sky Sports Premier League from 12pm on Sunday; Kick-off is 12.30pm
Many clubs across Europe, especially those with little to play for, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. So, with that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.SpainReal Madrid are believed to be lining up a move for Neymar. The world's most expensive football player is understood to have a clause in his contract that could see him leave Paris Saint-Germain for &#163;145m during the summer of 2020. (Mundo Deportivo)Real Madrid are close to securing their second signing of the summer. With Eder Militao already in the bag, Los Blancos have agreed a contract with Eintracht Frankfurt forward and Barcelona transfer target Luka Jovic. (Mundo Deportivo)A &#163;51m fee has been agreed between the La Liga side and the Bundesliga outfit, with 20 per cent of that heading the way of Benfica after the Europa League semi-finalists. (AS)But Eintracht Frankfurt are also interested in Real Madrid forward Mariano Diaz. The 25-year-old impressed for Lyon and could replace Jovic at the Commerzbank-Arena. (Marca)FranceManchester United are lining up a move for Lyon striker Moussa Dembele. The 22-year-old has enjoyed a productive debut year in France, netting 17 goals in all competitions, and could be available for &#163;45m. (L'Equipe)Jose Mourinho is being lined up as AS Roma manager. The former Manchester United boss was believed to be the favourite to replace Thomas Tuchel if PSG decided to part ways with him after a disappointing showing in the Champions League this term. However, a return to Serie A is of interest to Mourinho. (L'Equipe) If Tuchel does end up leaving the Parc des Princes, both Bayern Munich and Chelsea are interested in appointing him as head coach. (RMC)ItalyThere would be a big summer clearout at AC Milan this summer, with the club looking to rebuild the squad and battle for a top-four finish. Tiemoue Bakayoko's loan deal is unlikely to be extended but the biggest shock is the club will allow Franck Kessie to leave if their valuation of him is met. Arsenal, Everton, PSG and Manchester United are reportedly keen. (Calciomercato)Napoli will sign PSV forward Hirving Lozano this summer after agreeing a deal with the Eredivisie club. The Mexico international will move for a fee believed to be in the region of &#8364;40m, with Mino Raiola handling negotiations with the Serie A side. (Calciomercato). GermanyBayern Munich are no longer reportedly interested in Julian Brandt. But the Bayer Leverkusen attacker has other offers, one of which is from rivals Borussia Dortmund. The 23-year-old's father reportedly held a secret meeting with the club to discuss their plans for his son. It is believed he is available for &#163;25m this summer. (SportBild)PortugalManchester City have held a meeting with the parents of Benfica attacking midfielder Joao Felix. The versatile forward has recently been linked with Manchester United and Liverpool. (Record)
Erik ten Hag has dismissed claims by Mauricio Pochettino that Ajax have an unfair advantage over Tottenham ahead of <a href='https://www.skysports.com/football/tottenham-vs-ajax/preview/406463'>their Champions League semi-final first-leg clash</a>. The Dutch side did not play at the weekend, while Spurs lost 1-0 at home to West Ham on Saturday.But Ajax boss Ten Hag insists it is impossible to compare the two divisions, with Tottenham benefiting from receiving far more in TV money than the Amsterdam club do in the Eredivisie.\"I can't really say a lot about that,\" he said of Pochettino's claim ahead of the opening game between the sides in north London on Tuesday.\"There are always different circumstances, we get 10 million [euros] from TV, they get a lot more, is that still unfair for them or for us?\"Everyone has different circumstances, you just have to deal with those circumstances. That is what we do and that is just the way it is.\" One thing the two managers could agree on was how remarkable their progress to the last four of the competition has been.Ajax had to come through qualification for the Champions League before defeating Real Madrid and Juventus in the knockout stages, while Pochettino said he is \"already living a dream\" with the progress Spurs have made this season, on and off the pitch.\"We want to continue this curve,\" added Ten Hag. \"It's amazing that we are in the Champions League semi-finals. \"Nobody could have predicted at the beginning of the season that a Dutch team would end up in the semi-finals.\"With the way we have got to this stage, I just think that is a wonderful experience.\"We have achieved something but we want to do a lot more, to get even better than that. We don't rest on our laurels.\"
Many clubs across Europe, especially those with little to play for, will have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. So, with that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.Spain Real Madrid are confident Eden Hazard's move from Chelsea will be completed as soon as the current campaign ends. However, Real Madrid have doubts over a move for Paul Pogba. The midfielder's salary and the fee Manchester United will demand are viewed as stumbling blocks, but Zinedine Zidane continues to push the club to move for the Frenchman. (Marca)If Real do pull out of the race to sign Pogba, they will turn their attention to Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek. Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the midfielder who will cost &#163;50m this summer. (Marca)Arsenal continue to monitor Getafe defender Djene Dakonam ahead of a potential move this summer. The 27-year-old centre-back has a &#163;30m buyout clause in his current contract. (Marca)Bayern Munich will send James Rodriguez back to Real Madrid when his two-year loan deal expires at the end of the season. The Colombian is not wanted by the La Liga side, though, and will be allowed to leave for around &#163;40m. (Marca) Alaves centre-back Guillermo Maripan has emerged as a West Ham transfer target. The Irons want to pay around &#163;10m for the defender but the La Liga side will only let the 24-year-old depart if his &#163;20m buyout clause is paid. (Marca) Atletico Madrid are set to complete a deal to sign Felipe from Porto. The La Liga side will pay around &#163;20m for the centre-back, who turns 30 years old in May. (Marca)Atletico also hope to secure a deal for Manchester City defender Nicolas Otamendi. The Argentine wants to leave the Etihad this summer and Atleti hope he can fill the void that will be left when Diego Godin moves to Inter Milan. (AS)Real Madrid are prepared to listen to offers for nine first-team players this summer in order to finance their summer spending. Gareth Bale, Toni Kross and Isco are three high-profile stars who could depart while the likes of Keylor Navas and Dani Ceballos are also at risk. (AS)Italy Manchester United scouts will watch Kalidou Koulibaly and Nicolo Barella this weekend when Napoli take on Cagliari. There is a &#163;100m price tag on Koulibaly while Barella, who has been compared to Paul Scholes, will cost around &#163;50m. (Gazetta dello Sport)Juventus have held talks with Inter Milan over a move for Mauro Icardi. The Serie A champions are prepared to pay &#163;50m for the Argentine striker and will not include Paulo Dybala in any deal. (Corriere di Torino) Milan will send Tiemoue Bakayoko back to Chelsea this summer when his loan deal ends. The Serie A club have a &#163;30m option but no longer want to trigger it after the French midfielder arrived an hour late to training this week. (Sport Mediaset)Brescia will not sell Sandro Tonali this summer after they clinched promotion to Serie A. The Italian midfielder, who has been compared to Andrea Pirlo, has previously been linked with Roma, SC Milan and Liverpool. (Tuttomercatoweb)GermanyBayern Munich have cooled their interest in Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Julian Brandt over concerns about his consistency. (Bild)That has opened the door for Borussia Dortmund to launch a move for the 23-year-old Germany international. BVB have met with the Brandt's father but he is also a target for Liverpool. (Bild)Eintracht Frankfurt's Luka Jovic is interested in a move to Bayern Munich this summer. The Serbian striker, who scored against Chelsea in the Europa League last night, is also wanted by Real Madrid. (Sport Bild) FranceAtletico Madrid and Manchester United have sounded out Lyon over a potential move for Moussa Dembele this summer. The French striker has impressed following his move from Celtic, scoring 18 goals for the Ligue 1 side. (L'Equipe) PortugalManchester United are prepared to rival Juventus in the race to sign Ruben Dias from Benfica. The Portuguese centre-back is also a target for Atletico Madrid and will cost around &#163;40m. (Record)
Many clubs across Europe, especially those with little to play for, have already turned their attention to the summer and planning for the 2019/20 campaign. With that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.SpainGareth Bale isn't in Zinedine Zidane's plans for the 2019/20 season and Real Madrid are intent on selling the Welsh star this summer. However, there is little interest from Europe's biggest clubs and few others could match his &#163;14m-a-year wage. (Marca)Real Madrid will have to pay &#163;85m to sign Christian Eriksen from Tottenham. The La Liga club have already agreed personal terms with the Danish midfielder, who is out of contract in 2020, over a move to the Spanish capital this summer. (AS)Leo Messi has called on Barcelona fans to support Philippe Coutinho, who was whistled during their Champions League win over Liverpool. \"The whistles against Coutinho are ugly, we have to be together,\" said Messi, who scored two goals in a 3-0 victory. (Marca)Filipe Luis is prepared to sign a new contract with Atletico Madrid. The Brazilian was expected to depart this summer when his current deal ends but is now ready to agree a one-year extension. (Marca)Neymar will be able to leave Paris Saint-Germain for &#163;150m at the end of next season. The Brazilian's contract contains a release clause which becomes active in the summer of 2020 and Real Madrid are prepared to pay it. (Mundo Deportivo) Arsenal continue to monitor Ever Banega's contract talks with Sevilla. The midfielder's current deal expires in 2020 and he could be sold this summer if an extension can't be agreed. Banega's former club, Boca Juniors, are also interested. (Mundo Deportivo) France Qatar Sports Investment (QSI) will consider significantly scaling back their funding of Paris Saint-Germain after the club's constant failings in the Champions League since their takeover. (Le Parisien)QSI would instead focus their efforts on purchasing Serie A side Roma, who reached the semi-finals of the Champions League last season. There is also interest from the group in buying a Championship club. (Le Parisien)Italy Manchester City full-back Danilo has agreed terms with Inter over a move to San Siro. The Brazilian's anticipated arrival will see Cedric Soares sent back to Southampton at the end of his loan deal. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli officials met Mino Raiola yesterday to discuss the future of Lorenzo Insigne but they also discussed a potential deal for PSV star Hirving Lozano, who Carlo Ancelotti wants to sign this summer. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are also close to completing a &#163;17m deal for Boca Juniors midfielder Agustin Almendra and will then launch a move for Lyon full-back Ferland Mendy, who has also been linked with Real Madrid. (Corriere del Mezzogiorno)Benfica centre-back Ruben Dias is not Juventus' first-choice defensive target. The 21-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs across Europe, including Atletico Madrid, Liverpool and Manchester United. (Tuttosport) Germany Premier League sides are ready to rival Inter and AC Milan if Thomas Muller pushes for a move away from Bayern Munich this summer. The forward is reportedly unconvinced by current Bayern boss Niko Kovac. (Kicker)Hoffenheim full-back Nico Schulz, who has been targeted by Borussia Dortmund, is ready to move on this summer. \"If a club is really interested I am now at an age when we would have to sit down and decide whether the time has come to leave.\" (Kicker)Bayern Munich may be priced out of a move for Kai Havertz. Bayer Leverkusen are set to demand &#163;85m for the 19-year-old midfielder, who has struck 17 goals this season. (Kicker)
<strong>Tottenham are taking on Ajax for a place in the Champions League final but Spurs' success owes much to their Dutch opponents. Adam Bate caught up with former Ajax midfielder Enoh Eyong to find out how the club shaped the development of Tottenham's key players Christian Eriksen, Toby Alderweireld and Jan Vertonghen...</strong> Amid the euphoria at the Etihad Stadium after Tottenham's dramatic triumph over Manchester City in that epic Champions League quarter-final, certain Spurs players' thoughts quickly turned to the semi-final and a reunion with their old club Ajax.Get a Sky Sports Day Pass for one-off payment of &#163;8.99Get 2 football channels for the price of 1 Christian Eriksen called it \"a fairy tale\" and Toby Alderweireld sent a message via social media. \"Your boys are coming home,\" it read.With Jan Vertonghen and Davinson Sanchez also having arrived at the club from Ajax, there is quite the enclave in Enfield right now. It's a reminder, if any were needed, that the Ajax production line predates the current group of players upsetting the European odds.While Sanchez joined much later, the trio of Eriksen, Alderweireld and Vertonghen spent their formative years at the fabled De Toekomst training ground as teammates.Spurs lead English charge in EuropeCharlie's European predictionsThey won back-to-back Eredivisie titles together between 2010 and 2012, the first of which was Ajax's 30th - earning them a third star on the badge. Enoh Eyong was a teammate for both title wins and the Cameroon international midfielder believes it's no coincidence that Tottenham turned to his old pals. It's all part of the Ajax upbringing. Spurs knew exactly what they were getting.\"The concept of Ajax is about the whole philosophy of the club,\" Eyong tells Sky Sports. \"Barcelona are what they are because of Ajax and the ideas that Johan Cruyff took from that. It's the concept of attacking, passing and pressing football. It's always these dynamics. \"That's what defines Ajax. They work on that. There are specific training routines that they do that allow them to play like that. So for them to sign a young player they need to ensure they have the right qualities that can feed into the Ajax way of thinking.\"It's not just about playing well. Yes, the players can shoot, pass and dribble, but Ajax goes beyond that. They want players who can think like an Ajax player because they incorporate that into the way that they train and play. It's the mentality as well as the skills. \"People see the players but there is a scouting system behind the scenes that targets them. A lot of the Ajax team weren't there as young children of eight or nine. Many were scouted at 14, 15 or 16 from other places and it was easy for them to fit in because they already saw those basic qualities in them that would allow them to blend in with the Ajax philosophy.\"That was certainly true of Eyong's former teammates who are now at Tottenham.Eriksen joined Ajax at 16 from Danish club OB in 2008. Alderweireld was 15 when he was picked up from Belgian club Germinal Beerschot four years earlier, making the same journey that Vertonghen had made as a 16-year-old boy in the previous summer.Vertonghen's time in midfieldIt was Vertonghen who was the first to establish himself, going on to score 10 goals in all competitions during his final season at the club. Now seen as a ball-playing defender, it was his experiences at Ajax, often playing further forwards, that helped him develop these skills. \"Ajax played with a defence where one of the defenders always had that liberty to go into the midfield, so Jan was originally more of a midfielder,\" explains Eyong. \"I played alongside him and Jan did that a lot and it helped him to score a lot of goals.\"He is a player who can dribble with the ball and pick a pass. He doesn't just play long balls, he plays through-balls and that ability to pass the ball out from the back, that calmness, is because of his time as a midfielder. I think that made it easier for Jan.\"Alderweireld's breakthroughVertonghen was soon joined in the team by Alderweireld - two men from the same part of the world but very different characters. While Vertonghen threw himself into Amsterdam life from the outset, Alderweireld has since described the adjustment as hellish, shedding tears about it as a teenager.\"They spoke some Flemish together so that helped them,\" recalls Eyong. \"Personalities shift over time so things could have changed, but I remember Jan as a joker. He can make you laugh. Toby is quieter.\"I remember him being given an opportunity in a Europa League game against Marseille. We lost the game 2-1 but you could already see he was a young lad who was aggressive, hungry and talented. I knew that Toby had quality. He could play from the back and he was calm.\"Eriksen's precocious talentThat game against Marseille was in March 2009 and the following January, Eriksen also joined Alderweireld in the first team, stepping up from the youth team.Eyong was away on international duty at the Africa Cup of Nations when Eriksen was drafted in to play against NAC Breda, but he still recalls the buzz about the youngster. \"Everyone was talking about this young Danish guy,\" he says. \"They knew he had these qualities - the ball control, the ball movement, and the game intelligence. It was so easy for him. He didn't struggle at all and I remember that he provided an assist in that first game.\"He was a very easy-going guy, calm and a bit reserved. I don't think he has changed. He was always a cool guy and a team player, for sure. He was very humble, someone who listened a lot and always wanted to improve. Those qualities helped him to take another step.\"Platform to impress in EuropeA Champions League semi-final is another step for all of them, but the three men now have a wealth of experience to call upon - thanks in part to the start they were given at Ajax. As long ago as 2010, all three played in a 2-0 win over AC Milan in the San Siro. Alderweireld even scored.Eyong was in that team too. \"We got to play against AC Milan and Real Madrid,\" he says. \"These are things that give players a big boost to play at any level. It's a huge platform for players. Think about it, Toby was 19 when he first played in Europe. Christian was even younger.\"Ajax, for them, it was massive.\"Prospect of an Ajax returnThe prospect of going back to Ajax is one that has been raised intermittently. \"I have a bond with the club,\" said Alderweireld earlier this season when asked about a potential return. Vertonghen had made similar noises about one day rejoining his old club too.But it seems that Ajax will have to wait for them.\"Of course those players always say that they want to come back to Amsterdam,\" said Marc Overmars, Ajax's sporting director, when asked about the pair recently. \"But then when I always call them you often hear that you have to wait a few years. So I think with these two players we have to be patient and see what the future holds. It is still too early now.\" Perhaps they will go back as European champions.But first they must overcome the club that set them on their path.\"It's been exciting and intriguing to watch this group of Ajax players,\" adds Eyong. \"There is something special about them. It will be very interesting.\"Honestly though, I will be supporting Ajax. I always cheer for the younger ones because they are the future but I also want my old teammates to do well.\"And anyone who has played for Ajax, even if they play for Tottenham now, will always have Ajax in their heart.\"


Ajax edged three points ahead of PSV Eindhoven in the Eredivisie title race with a hard-fought 1-0 win at FC Groningen. The Amsterdam giants came into the match in buoyant mood after beating Juventus in midweek to reach the Champions League semi-finals, but they found mid-table Groningen a tough nut to crack.In the end, it needed a 79th-minute winner from substitute Klaas-Jan Huntelaar to earn Erik Ten Hag's men a fifth successive league win and keep their noses in front of PSV, who host ADO Den Haag on Sunday.In an eventful cameo, Huntelaar, who had only come on in the 60th minute, was sent off with five minutes remaining - but Ajax held on.Third-placed Feyenoord, meanwhile, recovered from a goal down to beat fourth-placed AZ Alkmaar 2-1 and take a huge step towards clinching a top-three finish.Mats Seuntjens gave AZ a half-time lead, but Feyenoord responded with efforts from Tyrell Malacia and Robin van Persie to move seven points clear of their opponents.Vitesse Arnhem and VVV-Venlo both celebrated 4-1 home wins on Saturday, beating PEC Zwolle and De Graafschap, respectively.Vitesse had to play with a man less from the 28th minute after Alexander Buttner was sent off, but still managed to claim a comprehensive victory, with Bryan Linssen netting a hat-trick. Mohammed Dauda scored Vitesse's other goal with Lennart Thy netting for the visitors.In Venlo, second-bottom De Graafschap took a third-minute lead through Furdjel Narsingh, but VVV - who made two changes in the opening 32 minutes - hit back with efforts from Ralf Seuntjens, Peniel Mlapa, Jay-Roy Grot, and Moreno Rutten.The day's other game saw relegation-battling Emmen defeat Utrecht 2-0 with first-half goals from Michael De Leeuw and Keziah Veendorp.
The KNVB has moved an entire round of Eredivisie matches to accommodate Ajax's progression to the Champions League semi-finals. Originally set for April 28, Gameweek 33 of the Dutch top-flight will now take place on May 15, after the Netherlands' football governing body came to an agreement with the rest of the clubs in the league.Tottenham host Ajax at their new stadium on April 30, before Mauricio Pochettino's side travel to Amsterdam for the second leg on May 8.Ajax reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in 22 years after coming from behind to beat Juventus 2-1 at the Allianz Stadium on Tuesday, to prevail 3-2 on aggregate.Erik ten Hag's team - who were 250/1 outsiders to lift the trophy in Madrid back in September - are looking to become the first Dutch side to win the competition since 1995, when Ajax beat AC Milan in Vienna.In a statement released on the KNVB's official website, director Eric Gudde said: \"The wishes of the clubs were identified in the creation of the match-day calendar for the 2018/2019 season.\"It was jointly decided that the cancellation of a mid-week round should be given priority if the very small chance that one of our clubs would go that far [semi-finals] in the Champions League.\"

Matthijs de Ligt is certain to leave Ajax this summer amid interest from a number of Europe's top clubs, says the Dutch side's head coach Erik ten Hag. The defender is a regular for Ajax, helping them to the top of the Eredivisie and the quarter-finals of the Champions League, and captains the club at the age of just 19.He has reportedly attracted interest from European giants such as Barcelona and Bayern Munich and, while he is unsure if de Ligt will join either of those clubs, ten Hag says he is sure to leave the Johan Cruyff ArenA this summer.He told Suddeutschen Zeitung: \"There's zero chance Matthijs de Ligt is staying at Ajax. There are so many clubs interested in him.\"He will leave us this summer, but I don't know whether he'll join Bayern or Barcelona.\"De Ligt's team-mate for Ajax and the Netherlands, Frenkie de Jong, has already agreed to move to Barcelona at the end of the season for an initial &#163;65m.

Ajax fans attempted to give their side a helping hand ahead of their clash with Juventus by setting off fireworks outside the Italian team&#8217;s hotel in the early hours of Wednesday. Massimiliano Allegri's side are in Amsterdam for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday evening, but found their night's sleep ahead of the tie disrupted thanks to some home fans.A video shows Ajax supporters setting up and lighting the fireworks outside the city's Van der Valk Hotel, where the Serie A champions are staying, before jumping in a car and leaving the scene to the backdrop of noise and pyrotechnics. Cristiano Ronaldo and his Juve team-mates had to contend with two separate displays from the Ajax fans, the first at 2am and then again at 4am, with both lasting about five minutes each time.The Dutch supporters pulled a similar stunt ahead of their side's last-16 tie against Real Madrid in February, letting off fireworks and playing loud music right outside the team hotel at 3am on the morning of the match. Ronaldo looks set to feature for Juventus after missing the last two weeks with a thigh strain, sustained while on international duty with Portugal.


Matthijs de Ligt would fit in at Manchester United or any of Europe's top clubs, according to former Ajax and United winger Jesper Olsen. The 19-year-old centre-back has been linked with a move away from Ajax ahead of the summer, with a host of clubs reportedly interested in signing him.Olsen, who left Ajax for United in 1984 and went onto spend four successful seasons at Old Trafford, believes De Ligt has all the attributes to follow in his footsteps.\"No doubt about it [he could play for United],\" Olsen told Omnisport.\"Playing at Ajax, you have to be a quality player. So, of course he could [play for United], no doubt about it. He could fit into any top team at the moment.\"De Ligt, a graduate of the famous Ajax academy, made his senior debut for the Eredivisie club in 2016 and has since gone on to make over 100 first-team appearances.Olsen added: \"I think nowadays the top clubs are very much of the same belief in how you play, they like to be in control of the game.\"So as long as he goes to one of those clubs, I think a player of [his] calibre would fit in in most teams.\"

David Neres scored a second-half double as Ajax moved back to the top of the Eredivisie - for a day at least - by storming to a 5-2 victory at second-bottom Emmen. Donny van de Beek put the visitors ahead in the 10th minute and Daley Blind doubled their advantage on the stroke of half-time.Ajax kicked into overdrive on the resumption with three goals in the space of nine minutes, with Neres to the fore as the Champions League contenders sealed a convincing win, exactly one week before their quarter-final first leg against Juventus.Neres made it three in the 52nd minute and then doubled his tally for the evening just after the hour mark, with Klaas Jan Huntelaar scoring his 11th of the season in between.Nicolas Tagliafico put into his own net in the 63rd minute while Jafar Arias struck in the closing stages to give an air of respectability to the scoreline.But there was never any scent of a remarkable comeback and Ajax leapfrogged title rivals PSV Eindhoven, who could reclaim top spot by beating PEC Zwolle on Thursday.Utrecht twice came from a goal down before romping to a stunning 6-2 win at VVV-Venlo.Johnathan Opoku and Patrick Joosten scored either side of Riechedly Bazoer's leveller midway through the first half to give VVV a half-time lead, but they were blown away on the resumption.Bazoer scored once again to even things up while Danny Post's own goal and Sean Klaiber's effort just after the hour put Utrecht in command.Sander Van De Streek and substitute Michiel Kramer also scored to help Utrecht consolidate fifth place in the table.Giovanni Korte struck midway through the second half before Menno Koch scored in the dying seconds to give NAC a come-from-behind 2-1 win at Excelsior, who had gone ahead after half an hour through Mounir El Hamdaoui.Victory could prove vital for NAC, who are now five points adrift of safety.Fortuna Sittard and ADO Den Haag boosted their survival prospects with a 0-0 draw. Fortuna played the majority of the match with 10 men following the 33rd-minute dismissal of Jose Rodriguez.
With the end of the 2018/19 season rapidly approaching, clubs across Europe will be drawing up shortlists and analysing players ahead of the summer transfer window. So, with that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.SpainReal Madrid centre-back Raphael Varane is Paris Saint-Germain's first-choice defensive target as the Ligue 1 leaders view him as the long-term replacement for club captain Thiago Silva, who is out of contract in 2020. (AS)Rayo Vallecano's Esteban Aparicio and Rayo Majadahonda's Fernando Delgado are wanted by Real Madrid. The striker and midfielder, both 17 years old, are seen as potential signings for the club's Juvenil squad. (Marca)Manchester City are prepared to pay Atletico Madrid midfielder Rodrigo's &#163;60m buyout clause this summer. Pep Guardiola believes the 22-year-old has similar qualities to Barcelona star Sergio Busquets. (Onda Cero)Jean-Clair Todibo, who joined Barcelona in January from Toulouse, is likely to join Ajax on loan this summer as part of the deal that takes Matthijs de Ligt to the Camp Nou. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyScouts from Arsenal were in attendance to watch Cagliari midfielder Nicolo Barella against Juventus. The Gunners consider the 22-year-old as a potential replacement for Aaron Ramsey, who is joining Juve this summer. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Roma sporting director Frederic Massara will today hold contract talks with Nicolo Zaniolo's representatives. The Serie A club want to build their team around a group of Italians and will also target Barella, as well as Sandro Tonali and Andrea Belotti this summer. (La Repubblica)Real Madrid midfielder Federico Valverde is wanted by Napoli. The Serie A side believe the Uruguayan is the ideal replacement for Marek Hamsik and Jorginho. (Corriere dello Sport)Germany Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke believes Marco Reus will remain with the club until the end of his career. \"That is neither a wish nor a dream, it will happen. Marco is captain, this is his team. Borussia is more than just an employer to him.\" (Sport Bild)Red Bull Salzburg head coach Marco Rose has agreed to take charge of Borussia Monchengladbach this summer. The club's current coach Dieter Hecking has already agreed to leave at the end of the campaign. (Bild)FranceLyon president Jean-Michel Aulas has a gentleman's agreement with Nabil Fekir that the attacking midfielder can leave the club in the summer. The France international was a Liverpool and Chelsea transfer target last summer. (L'Equipe)


A round-up of the European back pages, including news Raphael Varane is considering a move to the Premier League this summer. So, with that in mind, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across the continent.SpainRaphael Varane would favour a move to the Premier League if he leaves Real Madrid this summer. Manchester United are long-term admirers of the World Cup winner and have the financial muscle to launch a move for the centre-back. (AS)Zinedine Zidane plans to analyse his Real Madrid squad before sanctioning a move for Chelsea star Eden Hazard this summer. The Belgian wants to move to the Bernabeu and the club are ready to launch a move if given the green light by the French coach. (Marca)Karim Benzema is unlikely to leave the Bernabeu this summer. The French striker has come under criticism during his 10 years in Spain but has a strong advocate at Real Madrid in Zidane, who said on Sunday: \"Karim is a player at this club and I do not think it's going to change.\" (Marca)If Varane departs, Real Madrid would attempt to bring Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly to the Spanish capital. A fee in excess of &#163;100m would be required to sign the 27-year-old, however. (AS) Barcelona and Real Madrid transfer target Nicolas Tagliafico would prefer a move to Spain this summer. The Ajax left-back has also been linked with clubs in Italy but favours a switch to La Liga as he wouldn't have to learn a new language. (Mundo Deportivo) Bayern Munich are set to step up their interest in Ajax winger Hakim Ziyech. The Bundesliga club held preliminary talks with the Dutch side earlier this month over a move for the 26-year-old. (Sport) ItalyLuciano Spalletti explained his decision to leave Mauro Icardi out of the Inter squad after their 1-0 defeat to Lazio. \"He could've played 30 minutes, maybe even a half, but that's not the point,\" Spalletti said. \"Negotiating to get him to pull on the Inter shirt&#8230; it's humiliating. Do I need to email 20 lawyers and ask them if I can call someone up?\" (Sky Sport Italia) Juventus are working hard to ensure Moise Kean, who scored the winner against Empoli at the weekend, signs a new contract with the Serie A leaders. The 19-year-old's current deal expires in the summer of 2020. (Tuttosport) FranceMarseille will find it difficult to keep Mario Balotelli at the club beyond this season if they fail to qualify for next season's Champions League. The Italian striker joined the Ligue 1 side in January but only signed a contract until the end of the current campaign. (L'Equipe)  Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowski has confirmed he turned down a move to Paris Saint-Germain. \"I've had the opportunity to sign with a French club in the past but I cannot say anything more... reports my wife did not want to go to Paris? I have not heard anything stupid. That had nothing to do with it.\" (Telefoot) Germany Lewandowski, meanwhile, admits he could end his career with Bayern. The 30-year-old has been linked with Real Madrid in the past but has a contract until 2021 in Germany and admits: \"I can very well imagine staying longer.\" (Kicker) HollandAjax captain Matthijs de Ligt will join Barcelona this summer. The two clubs have agreed a deal for the 19-year-old who will follow in team-mate Frenkie de Jong's footsteps by swapping Amsterdam for the Camp Nou. (De Telegraaf)


All the top stories and transfer rumours from the back pages of Friday's European newspapers... With the international break over, the focus across Europe turns back to club football and the run-in of the 2018/19 season.So our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from the continent.SpainPhilippe Coutinho admits leaving Barcelona this summer may prove the best thing for his career. The Brazilian has struggled since joining the club from Liverpool in January 2018 and has been linked with a return to the Premier League. (Sport) Arsenal are interested in Eibar's central midfielder Joan Jordan. The 24-year-old has struck four goals in La Liga this season and is viewed by the Gunners as a potential replacement for Aaron Ramsey. (Marca) Transfer Centre LIVE!Papers: Real ready &#163;125m Pogba bidReal Madrid director Jose Angel Sanchez met with the agent of Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly, Juventus star Miralem Pjanic and in-demand striker Luka Jovic on Thursday. Jovic is a Barcelona transfer target and has also been linked with a move to Los Blancos. (AS)Koulibaly, meanwhile, will be targeted by Real Madrid if Raphael Varane decides to leave the European champions in the summer. The French World Cup winner is reportedly in search of a new challenge after seven years at the Bernabeu. (AS) Adrien Rabiot has also emerged as a surprise target for Real. The 23-year-old midfielder is out of contract at Paris Saint-Germain in the summer and could be brought to the Spanish capital as a replacement for Mateo Kovacic. (AS) GermanyThorgan Hazard would prefer to join Atletico Madrid. The Belgian winger is wanted by Borussia Dortmund but would favour a move to the Spanish capital, where he could be joined by older brother Eden this summer. (Sport Bild)Werder Bremen captain Max Kruse is an Inter Milan and Tottenham transfer target. The 31-year-old, who has claimed 12 assists this term, is out of contract in the summer and is open to a move to a club in the Champions League. (Sky Sport Deutschland)Augsburg are interested in taking Bayern Munich goalkeeper Christian Fr&#252;chtl on loan next season. The 19-year-old is viewed as the long-term heir to Manuel Neuer but won't be allowed to leave until he extends his contract which expires in 2020. (Sport Bild) Italy Roma will move for one of Dario Benedetto, Andrea Belotti and Duvan Zapata if Edin Dzeko, who has been linked with a summer move to Inter Milan, leaves the club this summer. (Corriere dello Sport)Napoli are ready to pay &#163;20m to sign former Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Veretout from Fiorentina. Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis this week met with the player's agent, Cristiano Giuntoli, to discuss a deal. (Gazzetta dello Sport)France Paris Saint-Germain will pursue deals for Lyon's Tanguy Ndombele, who is wanted by Manchester City, and Napoli midfielder Allan this summer. The Ligue 1 leaders believe improvement in central midfield is vital ahead of the 2019/20 campaign. (L'Equipe) Barcelona may move for Bayern Munich star David Alaba after the German club confirmed the signing of Lucas Hernandez from Atletico Madrid. (France Football) 
All the top stories and transfer rumours from the back pages of Saturday's European newspapers... Papers: United want Hudson-OdoiHazard denies Real agreementSpainManchester City are ready to offer &#163;85m for Inter Milan defender Milan Skriniar. The Slovakia international is one of the most sought-after centre-backs in European football, also attracting interest from Manchester United, and is yet to sign a new contract at the San Siro. Real Madrid are also said to be keeping tabs on the 24-year-old. (AS)Real Madrid have reached an agreement to sign Eden Hazard from Chelsea this summer. The Belgian is reportedly keen to work under Zinedine Zidane and it is now down to Real president Florentino Perez to convince the Blues to part company with their star player. The deal is worth &#163;98m and would see Hazard earn almost &#163;14m-a-year in the Spanish capital. (OK Diario)Manchester United have turned down the chance to sign Barcelona midfielder Philippe Coutinho. The Brazilian's agent offered Coutinho to United several weeks ago but the Premier League side have no interest. (Sport)Juventus are considering alternative targets to Matthijs de Ligt, with Barcelona now in pole position to sign the Ajax defender. Barca president Josep Bartomeu is set to speak with the Dutch club on Tuesday over a potential move for the 19-year-old, who could join fellow Ajax starlet Frenkie de Jong to the Camp Nou. Juventus have now turned their attention to Benfica's Ruben Dias. (Mundo Deportivo)Bayern Munich are poised to make their first offer for Barcelona target Luka Jovic. The Serbian striker has emerged as one of Europe's hottest properties thanks to his scintillating form with Eintracht Frankfurt. Barca have expressed an interest but Bayern hope to steal a march on the La Liga giants and swoop for the 21-year-old, who is loan at Eintracht from Benfica. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyUnited, meanwhile, have set their sights on Napoli's Kalidou Koulibaly. However, it will take a world record bid for a defender if the Red Devils are to get their man as the Italian club have slapped a &#163;128m price tag on the Senegal international's head. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan rivals Inter and AC are set to battle for PSV winger Steven Bergwijn. The Dutch international is enjoying a fine season, having scored 12 goals and notched 13 assists for the Eredivisie leaders. Bayern Munich and Chelsea are also interested. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Juventus are considering a move for Roma defender Kostas Manolas. While the Greek centre-back would not come cheap, Juve have a strong relationship with Mino Raiola, the player's agent. Atletico Madrid are the club most likely to challenge the Bianconeri for the 27-year-old's signature. (Calciomercato) FranceReal Madrid must pay Kylian Mbappe a salary of &#163;12.8m if they are to sign the French star from Paris Saint-Germain. Mbappe is Real's top summer target following the return of Zidane as coach. (L'Equipe)GermanyBayern Munich have held talks with Lille winger Nicolas Pepe but are yet to make a concrete offer. The Ivorian, valued at approximately &#163;70m, is being courted by a host of Europe's top clubs after scoring 17 goals in Ligue 1 this term, a haul surpassed only by Mbappe. (AZ)PortugalHulk has opened the door for a potential return to Porto. The 32-year-old striker left the Portuguese side in 2012 to join Zenit Saint Petersburg and has played for Shanghai SIPG since 2016. \"You never know what can happen, but you can keep the No.12 shirt free,\" the Brazilian said. (O Jogo)
All the top stories and transfer rumours from the back pages of Friday's European newspapers... Spain Kylian Mbappe is Real Madrid's primary transfer target this summer. Los Blancos president Florentino Perez has shifted his attention away from Brazilian star Neymar and will instead focus his efforts on landing the French star. (AS) Clubs in England and Italy are interested in Atletico Madrid midfielder Thomas Partey after it was revealed his contract contains a &#163;43m buyout clause. The Ghana international will speak with Diego Simeone before making a decision over his future. (Marca) Inter Milan have stepped up their interest in Andre Gomes, who is on loan at Everton from Barcelona. The Toffees expect to make the Portugal international's move permanent this summer but the Italian club have made a late approach. (Sport) Paper Talk: Ole sanctions &#163;65m Maguire moveTransfer Centre LIVE!Nacho Fernandez is once again a Roma transfer target after Real Madrid secured the signing of Porto defender Eder Militao. Nacho's contract expires in the summer of 2020 and, given he is likely to be fourth choice next season, Roma hope to secure a cut-price deal. (AS)Zinedine Zidane will give Brahim Diaz an opportunity to prove himself in the final ten games of the season. The 19-year-old has played just 24 minutes since arriving at the Bernabeu from Manchester City in January, but Zidane will assess the youngster and decide if he can be relied on next season. (AS)Real Madrid striker Raul de Tomas is wanted by Real Betis. The 24-year-old is spending this season on loan with Rayo Vallecano and has struck eleven La Liga goals in 24 starts. (Mundo Deportivo) Germany Liverpool are monitoring Callum Hudson-Odoi's situation at Chelsea. The teenager, who is in the current England squad, is a Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich transfer target and has turned down multiple contract offers from Chelsea. His current deal expires in the summer of 2020. (Sport Bild) David Alaba says he would consider a move away from Bayern Munich. The versatile full-back has a contract with the Bundesliga giants until 2021 but hinted he would be open to a move away: \"I'm happy in Munich but of course I can imagine seeing something else in the future.\" (Bild) Italy Napoli are closing in on the signing of PSV star Hirving Lozano. Several clubs are interested in the Mexican star but the Partenopei have held several rounds of talks with his representatives and are willing to match the Dutch club's &#163;35m asking price. (Corriere dello Sport)Milan have opened talks with Cagliari over a move for Chelsea transfer target Nicolo Barella. The 22-year-old midfielder is also being monitored by Inter and Juventus. (Sky Sport Italia) Former Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Veretout is wanted by Milan and Napoli this summer. The 26-year-old has impressed at Fiorentina since his arrival in the summer of 2017 and would cost around &#163;17m. (La Nazione)France Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera is in talks over a move to Paris Saint-Germain. The Spaniard is out of contract at Old Trafford this summer and the Ligue 1 leaders are ready to double his wage to lure him to the French capital. (RMC)Raphael Varane did not entertain questions regarding his future after reports emerged that he was considering leaving Real Madrid this summer. \"I am not in the habit of speaking publicly about my future,\" he told reporters while on international duty. (L'Equipe) 

