Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has insisted talisman Lionel Messi could remain at the Nou Camp for at least another five years. The Argentinian is under contract until 2021 but has a clause inserted in his deal which could see him leave the Nou Camp for nothing in the summer.And although the club are preparing for a post-Messi era with a number of high-profile signings over the past few years, Bartomeu believes the side won't lose Messi anytime soon.\"Surely it will be the wish of all parties, if he (Lionel Messi) feels strong and ambitious, to extend this contract indefinitely,\" Josep Maria Bartomeu said.\"Ultimately it is he who must decide. He has earned the right to decide when he will stop playing football. But like he said a few weeks ago, he wants to finish his playing career at Barcelona.\"Over the next two or three seasons our leader will continue to be Leo Messi. There's no doubt that he is still young, still strong. He is still ambitious.\"So Leo Messi will still play with us for the next two, three, four or five years. I have no doubts about that.\"'Messi will be with Barca forever'However long the 32-year-old continues playing for La Liga giants, Bartomeu is adamant that Messi's achievements will mean he will forever be linked with Barcelona.\"I have no doubt that after Messi finishes his career as a footballer he will remain linked to this club for the rest of his life,\" Bartomeu added.\"Firstly because he is the best player in the history of football and this is where he played. I doubt that anybody else will be able to match his achievements or his records.\"Or his talent, leadership and the supremacy he has in the world of football. So he will continue to be linked to Barca for life. Without a doubt.\"
Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker&#8217;s agent Mino Raiola, plus more from Tuesday's European press. Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyJuventus are interested in Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong and may make an approach for the 19-year-old in January when his contract at Old Trafford will have just six months to run. (CalcioMercato) Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker's agent Mino Raiola about a potential move in January. The 19-year-old has failed to score in his four Premier League appearances since his move from Juventus. (CalcioMercato) Roma have offered Lorenzo Pellegrini a new contract amid interest from Tottenham. The midfielder's current deal contains a &#163;25m release clause which the Serie A club want to remove. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to submit an offer of around &#163;35m to Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland and will also make a move for his Norway team-mate Sander Berge, who is valued at &#163;17m by Genk. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus and AC Milan are prepared to rival Inter Milan in the race to sign Dries Mertens. The Napoli forward's contract expires next summer and could be available for a cut-price fee in January. (Il Mattino)SpainBarcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and will open talks with the Brazilian in January over a free transfer to the Camp Nou next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid winger Lucas Vazquez turned down approaches from Manchester United, Arsenal and Bayern Munich this summer as he didn't want to leave the Spanish capital. (Cadena Ser) Paris Saint-Germain are interested in Real Madrid star Vinicius Junior and could make an offer for the Brazilian next summer or demand the 19-year-old is included in any potential deal for Kylian Mbappe. (Sport) Former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz has been offered to Espanyol by Real Madrid as the La Liga giants attempt to trim their squad. (Sport) Ivan Rakitic is unhappy with his lack of first-team football at Barcelona. \"I've had the ball taken away from me and I'm sad about it,\" he said. \"What I want is to continue having fun, that's the most important thing. I can only have fun by playing.\" (Movistar+)GermanyBayern Munich will attempt to lure Pep Guardiola back to the club next summer as the Manchester City boss is no longer happy at the Etihad Stadium. However, it's believed the Catalan coach will take an international job when he leaves City. (Sport Bild)  The other two frontrunners to take charge at the Allianz Arena on a permanent basis are Paris Saint-Germain head coach Thomas Tuchel and Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. (Sport Bild) Borussia Dortmund want to sign a striker in January and have looked into potential deals for Chelsea's Olivier Giroud, Juventus' Mario Mandzukic and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who will leave LA Galaxy next month. (Bild) FranceReal Madrid have prepared a package of &#163;340m to secure the signing of Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. (Le Parisien) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyCristiano Ronaldo will meet with Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici and vice-chairman Pavel Nedved after the international break and will face questions as to why he left the stadium after being substituted in the club's 1-0 victory over Milan. (Gazzetta dello Sport) The Juventus squad also expect an apology from the Portugal forward, who will not be fined by the Serie A side. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to sell Kalidou Koulibaly next summer if they receive a substantial offer for the centre-back. President Aurelio De Laurentiis plans to overhaul the squad with Dries Mertens, Jose Callejon, Lorenzo Insigne, Allan, Elseid Hysaj and Faouzi Ghoulam also set to depart. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter Milan will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud, Genoa forward Christian Kouame and SPAL defender Andrea Petagna in January as the club attempt to provide Antonio Conte with reinforcements to challenge for the title. (Tuttosport)  Milan, meanwhile, after interested in Manchester United target Mario Mandzukic and could make an offer to Napoli for Dries Mertens. (Tuttosport) Tottenham are interested in Roma midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini and could make an offer for the Italian in January if they are able to sell Christian Eriksen. (CalcioMercato) SpainNeymar would still like to leave Paris Saint-Germain and rejoin Barcelona and has reiterated that desire to key members of the La Liga champions' dressing room. (Mundo Deportivo)  Diego Simeone would like Atletico Madrid to sign Edinson Cavani when the striker's contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires at the end of the season. (AS) Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo is happy to remain at Real Madrid for the entirety of his career. \"I love Madrid: the weather, the lifestyle, it reminds me of S&#227;o Paulo. If I can, I would stay here for a lifetime.\" (AS) FranceRiyad Mahrez has revealed he wanted joined Arsenal in 2016 after helping Leicester City win the Premier League. He said: \"Leicester blocked it. They said to me, 'You shall not leave.' My agent had spoken with (Arsene) Wenger who really wanted me, it was nearly done with Arsenal.\" (France Football)  Manchester United and Atletico Madrid are prepared to rival Barcelona in the race to sign Rennes wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga. The 17-year-old has starred for the Ligue 1 side this season and could cost in excess of &#163;30m. (L'Equipe) Switzerland Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, who was stripped of the club captaincy last week, expects to complete a move to AC Milan when the transfer window reopens. (RSI) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.FranceChelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante could finish his career at Stamford Bridge. \"I am at Chelsea until 2023 and in my head, I hope to continue to have great seasons with Chelsea.\" (Telefoot) Marco Verratti is happy to spend the remainder of his career at Paris Saint-Germain. \"People say to me, 'Why not try another club?' It's because for me [at PSG], it's always like the first day. I want to help the team and winning here is different from winning with another team.\" (Telefoot) Barcelona are interested in Rennes' midfielder Eduardo Camavinga but would have to pay around &#163;35m for the 16-year-old who starred against Paris Saint-Germain earlier this season. (L'Equipe) ItalyCristiano Ronaldo left the Juventus Stadium before the final whistle against Milan after he was visibly irritated at being substituted in the 55th minute for Paulo Dybala, who scored the home side's late winner. (Sky Italia) Gonzalo Higuain is set to sign a contract extension with Juventus. The Serie A giants wanted to sell the striker after failed loan moves at Milan and Chelsea but the striker has impressed this term and sporting director Fabio Paratici says his form will be rewarded. (Sky Italia)  Milan will attempt to sell Franck Kessie in January after the midfielder was left out of the squad to face Juventus. The Rossoneri hope to raise up to &#163;30m from the sale of the 22-year-old with Monaco and Wolves interested. (Gazzetta dello Sport) SpainAyoze Perez turned down a move to Valencia in order to join Leicester City in the summer. \"It's true Valencia were interested and I was tempted to move back to Spain,\" he said. \"But Leicester offered me an ambitious project and I would play an important role.\" (ABC) West Ham United are interested in Real Betis defender Aissa Mandi and could make an offer for the centre-back, who has a &#163;25m buyout clause, in January. (Estadio Deportivo)  Thibaut Courtois insists he never doubted himself during his time at Real Madrid. \"I know what I am worth, I always have done,\" the goalkeeper, who hasn't conceded a goal in 533 minutes said. \"I never lost my confidence and I feel good.\" (Marca) Belgium Michy Batshuayi would like to start more games for Chelsea but is prepared to wait for his chance under Frank Lampard. \"I am frustrated,\" he admitted.\"You want to play football but the decision is made. I just give the maximum and try to show the 'boss' that I am ready.\" (Het Laatste Nieuws) 
Paulo Dybala replaced Cristiano Ronaldo and scored the winner as Juventus beat AC Milan 1-0 on Sunday to move back to the top of Serie A. Ronaldo was substituted in the 55th minute and left the game before the final whistle at the Allianz Stadium, according to Sky in Italy.AC Milan had the better of the chances but substitute Dybala scored 13 minutes from time to secure victory for the eight-time defending champions.Juventus restored their one-point advantage over Inter Milan in the Serie A standings after Antonio Conte's side's 2-1 win over Hellas Verona on Saturday.AC Milan arrived at Allianz Stadium with just one win in their last four matches but forced Juventus goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny into several tough saves in the first half.Ronaldo has struggled with a knee injury recently and was substituted for the second straight match early in the second half. The Portugal international did not look happy and walked straight down the tunnel.But the substitution was to pay off when Dybala collected the ball from Gonzalo Higuain, dribbled his way into the area and fired into the bottom left corner.AC Milan slip to 14th, just four points off the relegation zone. La Liga: Morata rescues Atletico Atletico Madrid were heading for another disappointment on Sunday before Alvaro Morata came to his side's rescue again.The striker provided the spark Atletico needed after his team fell behind against Espanyol thanks to Sergi Darder's long-range effort, which increased the pressure on Atletico following their three-match winless run and victories by Spanish league leaders Barcelona and Real Madrid on Saturday.Morata led Atletico's rally with an assist to Angel Correa's goal just before half-time. He then scored his sixth goal in as many matches after the break to put the team back on top before Koke sealed the 3-1 victory in injury time.The home win moved Atletico to third place with 24 points, one point behind Barcelona and Madrid, who both have a game in hand.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableSevilla also kept the pressure up at the top by beating Real Betis 2-1 in the Seville derby.Lucas Ocampos and Luuk de Jong scored for the visitors, while Betis got on the board through Loren Morn.It was Sevilla's first win after two consecutive league draws. Betis, coming off a draw at Real Madrid, dropped to 17th place, just outside the relegation zone.Elsewhere, Japanese teenager Takefusa Kubo, who is on loan from Real Madrid, scored his first Spanish league goal on Sunday, leading Mallorca to its first win in four matches with a 3-1 home win against Villarreal.Athletic Bilbao came from behind to defeat Levante 2-1 to stay five points off the lead, in sixth place, while seventh-place Getafe drew 0-0 at home with 10th-place Osasuna.Bundesliga: Monchengladbach clear at top, Freiburg controversy Borussia Monchengladbach remained clear at the Bundesliga summit after beating Werder Bremen but it was Freiburg's home win over Eintracht Frankfurt that created the headlines.Freiburg were on course for a 1-0 victory and a share of second place when, deep into stoppage time, controversy struck as Frankfurt captain David Abraham barged over home coach Christian Streich, sparking a mass melee involving both teams. The 54-year-old Streich, standing in his technical area, was knocked onto his back after Abraham caught him with his shoulder as he ran off the pitch in pursuit of the ball.Abraham was subsequently sent off despite remonstrating with the referee, as was Freiburg midfielder Vincenzo Grifo - who had earlier been substituted - for his role in the ugly touchline fracas.That took the number of red cards in the match to three, with Frankfurt having also lost Gelson Fernandes on the stroke of half-time to a second booking.The only goal of the game was scored by Nils Petersen in the 77th minute, the Germany striker drilling home a first-time finish for his fourth goal in his last three league matches.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesPetersen's goal saw Freiburg move level in second with Bayern Munich and RB Leipzig, who both won on Saturday, but Monchengladbach remained four points clear with their 3-1 victory over Bremen.Two goals in quick succession from Ramy Bensebaini and Patrick Herrmann midway through the first half set Monchengladbach on course.Herrmann's second just before the hour mark made it 3-0 and although the hosts saw Bensebaini sent off and Leonardo Bittencourt pull a goal back for Bremen late on, Marco Rose's men had done enough.Also on Sunday, Bayer Leverkusen beat Wolfsburg 2-0 to pick up their first Bundesliga win in five matches and climb up to eighth.Karim Bellarabi gave Leverkusen a 25th-minute lead and Paulinho settled the contest late on as Wolfsburg suffered a fourth successive defeat in all competitions.Ligue 1: Payet double inspires Marseille Dimitri Payet scored twice as Marseille won 2-1 against Lyon in Ligue 1 despite the second-half dismissal of Alvaro Gonzalez.Payet put Marseille two goals to the good at half-time, first with a penalty and then a clinical finish as he was involved three times in a rapid counter-attack.The second half saw a delay of around five minutes as thick fog descended on the Stade Velodrome but Moussa Dembele pulled one back after an error from Gonzalez, who was then shown a straight red card for a professional foul on the ex-Celtic striker.But the 10 men held on as Martin Terrier's effort in the 90th minute flashed millimetres wide and Jason Denayer's header was easily saved.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableSt Etienne climbed to fourth place with a 3-2 win at Nantes.The hosts led twice, through Ludovic Blas and Imran Louza, but Miguel Trauco equalised on the first occasion and Denis Bouanga's brace secured victory for Claude Puel's side.Montpellier are sixth after an emphatic 3-0 win over Toulouse.Andy Delort's sublime chip was disallowed for offside but he neatly created Gaetan Laborde's eventual opener just before half-time and victory was secured in the second half by Damien Le Tallec's header and Teji Savanier's long-range strike.Rennes came from behind to beat Amiens in the day's other game.Sehrou Guirassy gave the visitors the lead after Gael Kakuta's clever flick but Adrien Hunou quickly bundled home an equaliser.M'Baye Niang's close-range finish and Raphinha's penalty, awarded by VAR, settled the match in the second half.
Two goals from the seemingly unstoppable Robert Lewandowski helped Bayern Munich banish the nightmare of last week's thrashing by Eintracht Frankfurt that led to the sacking of Niko Kovac. Six days after Bayern's heaviest Bundesliga defeat for over 10 years in losing 5-1 to Eintracht, they hammered old rivals Borussia Dortmund 4-0 at the Allianz Arena to move up to third and a point behind leaders Borussia Monchengladbach.Poland striker Lewandowski scored the first and third goals in the 17th and 76th minutes to take his tally to a remarkable 26 in 22 games for club and country this season.Serge Gnabry added a VAR-confirmed second just after the break, with a Mats Hummels own goal 10 minutes from time compounding Dortmund's misery.Wenger: I'll hold Bayern talks next weekPSG boss Tuchel contacted by BayernSchweinsteiger: Jose would be tempted by BayernLeipzig stay in touchSecond-placed RB Leipzig are also a point behind Monchengladbach following a come-from-behind 4-2 win at Hertha Berlin.They were made to do it the hard way at the Olympiastadion, however, as the home side opened the scoring with a stunning strike from Maxi Mittelstadt just after the half hour.Hertha's lead was shortlived, though, as six minutes later Timo Werner slotted home the equaliser from the penalty spot after VAR confirmed a handball against Karim Rekik, with Marcel Sabitzer giving the visitors the lead on the stroke of half-time.Leipzig had to wait until late on to seal the points via goals from Kevin Kampl and Werner's 11th of the season, with Davie Selke's added-time strike nothing more than a consolation.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesBundesliga round-up: Wins for Union Berlin, AugsburgUnion Berlin almost threw away a three-goal lead as they held on to beat Mainz 3-2 at the Coface Arena.Daniel Brosinski's own goal on the half hour sparked Mainz's downfall, that was completed by a double either side of the interval from Sebastian Andersson to take the Sweden international's tally for the season to six.Karim Onisiwo pulled one back in the 81st minute, with Brosinksi adding a second in the fourth minute of added time, only for Union to claim a third victory in their last four league games to lift themselves up to mid-table.Rouwen Hennings scored a 23-minute second-half hat-trick as Fortuna Dusseldorf came from behind on three occasions to salvage a point from a 3-3 draw at Schalke, who missed the chance to move into the top four.Goals from Daniel Caligiuri, Ozan Kabak and Suat Serdar all gave Schalke the lead at various stages, only for Hennings to equalise every time, with his first from the spot, and his hat-trick goal coming five minutes from time for his 11th of the season.SC Paderborn remain rooted to the foot of the table after suffering a ninth league defeat of the campaign, with Philipp Max scoring the only goal of the game in Augsburg's 1-0 win at the Benteler-Arena.La Liga: Real keep pace at top Real Madrid hammered Eibar 4-0 to keep the pressure on at the top of La Liga.The visitors - aiming to move ahead of Real Sociedad and keep pace with Barcelona, who beat Celta Vigo 4-1, hit three goals inside the first 30 minutes. Karim Benzema broke the deadlock with an angled finish before captain Sergio Ramos soon added a penalty spot, and the Frence forward also converted from the spot.Federico Valverde clipped in a fourth on the hour, his first La Liga goal for Real Madrid, to seal a comfortable win for Zinedine Zidane's side, who followed up their midweek 6-0 Champions League thrashing of Galatasaray.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLigue 1: PSG extend lead at top Mauro Icardi scored a late winner as Paris Saint-Germain returned to winning ways to extend their lead to nine points at the top of Ligue 1 thanks to a 2-1 victory over Brest at Stade Francis-Le Ble.Samuel Grandsir's 72nd-minute equaliser for the hosts had cancelled out Angel Di Maria's first-half opener for the French champions.But on-loan Inter Milan striker Icardi fired home from close range with five minutes remaining for his fifth goal from the last five league games.Angers remain second after they were held to a goalless stalemate by Reims despite losing Angelo Fulgini to a second booking with 20 minutes remaining, while the point saw Reims move up two spots to fifth.Lille moved into the top three thanks to another stalemate as they shared the spoils from a 0-0 draw against struggling Metz, who moved out of the bottom three.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableMonaco moved up to eighth after returning to winning ways with a narrow 1-0 victory over Dijon.Russia international Aleksandr Golovin broke the deadlock three minutes before the break with his third league goal of the season and that proved enough as Dijon dropped to second-bottom to sit just one point above basement side Nimes.Lebo Mothiba was on target twice as Strasbourg pulled three-points clear of the relegation zone with a 4-1 victory over 10-man Nimes at Stade de la Meinau.Ludovic Ajorque opened the scoring after 14 minutes for Strasbourg as he picked out the bottom-left corner with a close-range effort and South Africa striker Mothiba doubled their lead on the stroke of half-time.Midfielder Romain Philippoteaux pulled one back for the visitors just after the break as he slotted Haris Duljevic's assist into the top corner and the night got worse for lowly Nimes as they lost Florian Miguel to a second yellow card after 66 minutes.Dimitri Lienard restored Strasbourg's two-goal lead with 20 minutes remaining and Mothiba added the gloss with his second of the night five minutes from time
Zinedine Zidane says he will continue to state that it would be a \"dream\" for Kylian Mbappe to seal a move to Real Madrid, despite criticism of his comments from Paris Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo.  The World Cup winner has been linked with a move to the Bernabeu and admitted during the summer transfer window that he would be open to a \"new project\", before agreeing to stay at PSG for the 2019/20 term.Earlier this week, PSG sporting director Leonardo labelled Zidane's comments on Mbappe potentially moving to La Liga as ''annoying'' and ''irritating\".'Mbappe will leave PSG for Real Madrid'CL round-up: Real Madrid hit sixPSG boss Tuchel contacted by Bayern\"All I said was something the player had already said, that it was his dream to wear Real Madrid's white jersey,\" Zidane said.\"That's all I said, and I'm saying it again, and I will repeat it everyday.\"Regarding Leonardo's reaction I have no comments. He says whatever he wants, he's entitled to, just like I'm entitled to say whatever I want today.\" Mbappe played 83 minutes of PSG's 1-0 victory over Club Brugge in midweek to help maintain their 100 per cent record in Group A of the Champions League.Liverpool have also been rumoured to be interested in the striker in recent weeks, but prior to the Reds' clash with Manchester City, Jurgen Klopp denied the links, stating that last season's European Cup winners had \"absolutely no chance\" of signing him.Mbappe is under contract at Ligue 1 champions PSG until 2022 and has scored nine goals in 11 appearances in all competitions this term.The France international arrived at the club in 2018 in a &#163;121.5m transfer from Monaco after an initial season-long loan.

The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals. Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSpainReal Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and could make an offer for the striker next summer when he will have just one year remaining on his contract. (El Desmarque)Manchester United are ready to make Tottenham an offer of &#163;42m in January to secure the signing of Christian Eriksen, whose contract expires next summer. (El Desmarque)Manchester United have watched Valencia trio Jose Gaya, Carlos Soler and Ferran Torres this season but it is left-back Gaya who is thought to be United's primary target and they could make an offer for the 24-year-old in January. (Deporte Valenciano)Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is frustrated with Zinedine Zidane's public courtship of Kylian Mbappe as he does not want the club's relationship with Paris Saint-Germain to suffer and put a future deal for the French star at risk. (El Confidencial)Real Madrid are prepared to offer Manchester United James Rodriguez as part of any deal for midfielder Paul Pogba. The French star is also wanted by Juventus. (El Desmarque) FrancePSV head coach Mark van Bommel is a surprise candidate on the list of names Bayern Munich are considering as their head coach. The former midfielder spent five years with the German giants. (L'Equipe)Thiago Silva and Edinson Cavani are both set to leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season when their contracts expire. (Le10Sport)Paris Saint-Germain can't afford to offer Kylian Mbappe a contract that puts him alongside Neymar as the club's top earner. The Brazilian receives around &#163;25m a year after tax and raising Mbappe to that level would see the club fall foul of FFP. (L'Equipe) ItalyNapoli midfielder Allan's future is uncertain after he was left out of the squad to face Genoa. The Brazilian was involved in a dressing-room disagreement with president Aurelio De Laurentiis over the decision to force the players into a week-long training camp. (Various)Krzysztof Piatek may look to move away from Milan and is open to a return to former club Genoa. The striker scored 19 goals in 21 games for Il Grifone to earn a &#163;30m to San Siro in January 2018 but has netted only 14 times since. (Corriere dello Sport)Roma are interested in Napoli full-back Elseid Hysaj but would have to pay around &#163;20m to sign the 25-year-old who has made only three first-team appearances this season. (Corriere dello Sport)HollandAjax head coach Erik ten Hag is very interested in taking charge at Bayern Munich but isn't prepared to join the Bundesliga champions until next summer. (De Telegraaf)
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus are prepared to offer Manchester United cash and one of Mario Mandzukic, Blaise Matuidi, Emre Can or Daniele Rugani to secure the signing of Paul Pogba in January. (Tuttosport)Inter Milan will target Olivier Giroud, Dejan Kulusevski and Matteo Darmian when the transfer window reopens. Giroud is prepared to play deputy to Romelu Lukaku and Lautaro Martinez at San Siro. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli's Brazilian midfielder Allan was involved in a heated dressing-room exchange with club president Aurelio De Laurentiis after their 1-1 draw with Red Bull Salzburg and could now be sold. (Corriere dello Sport)SpainLiverpool were interested in Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo before he completed a &#163;40m move to Real Madrid. \"There was strong interest from Liverpool when he was in the lower categories and he wanted to go, but the offer was too low,\" former Santos coach Elano revealed. (AS)Luis Suarez will move to MLS when he leaves Barcelona according to Uruguay team-mate and Seattle Sounders midfielder Nicolas Lodeiro. \"He wants to join MLS,\" he said. \"I think it's only a matter of time before he's here.\" (Sport)Barcelona defender Jean-Clair Todibo could leave the Nou Camp in the January transfer window. The 19-year-old centre-back has made just four first-team appearances since joining from Toulouse. (El Desmarque)Germany Massimiliano Allegri could take charge at Bayern Munich after the Bundesliga club ruled out appointing Arsene Wenger. The former Arsenal boss offered his services to Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on Wednesday but was told he wasn't on their shortlist. (Bild)Alternatively, Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag is the Bundesliga champions' top candidate and they may keep faith in interim boss Hansi Flick until next summer in order to land the Dutchman. (Sport1)FranceParis Saint-Germain may offer Neymar a new contract to extend his stay at the Parc des Princes. The Brazilian's current deal expires in 2022 and he is now content in the French capital after he failed to force through a move to Barcelona in the summer. (L'Equipe)
Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane wants Gareth Bale to remain at the Bernabeu for the rest of the season &#8211; despite reports of a January move away. The Spanish giants have been linked with an audacious bid for Manchester City's Raheem Sterling with Bale plus &#163;70m the proposed package reportedly to be offered to the Premier League champions.Bale has also been linked with a move to China with Shanghai Shenhua reportedly remaining interested in the Welshman having failed in an attempt to lure him to the club in the summer.However, Zidane has rubbished reports of an imminent exit as 'nonsense' ahead of the club's Champions League game against Galatasaray on Wednesday. Gareth Bale can become Real Madrid's most important player nowZinedine Zidane defends Gareth Bale's early exit from Real Madrid draw with Real Betis\"Everybody is saying I don't want (Gareth) Bale here and I want him to leave in January. That's nonsense,\" Zinedine Zidane said.\"People can talk about me, about what I do, but nobody can put fake words on my mouth.\"Of course, we cannot have the same bond with everybody but I've never had any problem with Gareth, even after what happened during last summer when supposedly he was leaving.\"This is the situation: he's here, and I'm happy because the player is very good.\"\"So yes, I want Gareth to stay here with us until the end of the season. That's very clear.\" 'Wales have right to call-up Bale'The Real Madrid boss was also relaxed over Bale's inclusion in the Wales squad for their upcoming Euro 2020 qualifiers against Azerbaijan and Hungary later this month.It comes despite Bale not playing for Real Madrid since scoring in Wales' 1-1 draw with Croatia on October 13.\"If his national team, his country, called him up it is their right,\" Zidane said. \"It is a FIFA international break and there is nothing we can do about it.\"The player only wants to recover. There are not doubts about it.\"He's the one suffering the most. We will see how the week goes and what's going to happen with his national team, to know if he's ready or not.\"
Real Madrid are preparing to test Manchester City&#8217;s resolve with an audacious offer of Gareth Bale plus &#163;70m in exchange for Raheem Sterling. Sky Sports News understands representatives from Real will travel to watch Sterling's performances for England next month, at home to Montenegro and away to Kosovo, before deciding on the final details of a proposal to City.Silva doubtful for Liverpool gameTransfer Centre LIVE!Sterling's representatives met with Real's general director Jose Angel Sanchez in the summer in a failed bid to tempt City's forward to the Bernabeu.However, Real president Florentino Perez knows another 12 months without a deal will see Sterling's &#163;150m present valuation increase further still.Privately City, and in particular manager Pep Guardiola, are understood to have little interest in signing the 30-year old Welshman.Equally, if Bale chooses to remain with Real, then Perez will have to part with a figure close to the world record &#163;200m paid to Barcelona by Paris Saint-Germain for Neymar.Sterling has made no secret of his desire to play in La Liga - but with more reports on Monday in Spain that Bale wants to bring an end to his time in La Liga, Perez believes a bold deal, involving two of the biggest names in world football, could potentially be agreed with City.Real's interest in Sterling is well known behind the scenes at the Etihad. For their part City are desperate to keep hold of the player they bought from Liverpool in 2015 for &#163;49m - a then-record for an English player. Meanwhile, Leroy Sane has failed to agree a new deal at City and Bayern president Uli Hoeness is increasingly confident of landing the German international, which could see the club's four wingers reduced to just two by the end of the campaign.For Perez, the pressure increases to rejuvenate a club still reeling from the loss of Cristiano Ronaldo. He first tried to sign Sterling as a precocious 19-year old talent, when he won the 'Golden Boy' award, judging him to be the best young talent in Europe in 2014.Sterling, who has scored seven goals in 10 appearances this season, has three years left on the &#163;280,000-a-week deal he signed a year ago and is unlikely to demand that City let him go.However, with Real interested, it is clear City will have some big decisions to make in the weeks ahead.
Real Sociedad went level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona after snatching a 2-1 victory away to fellow high-flyers Granada on Sunday thanks to a late strike from forward Cristian Portu. Portu had given the Basque side the lead midway through the first half, latching on to a pass from Mikel Oyarzabal and confidently finishing into the bottom corner after Granada lost possession inside their own half.Promoted Granada had fallen off the summit of the table in midweek after surprisingly leading the standings last weekend and had the chance to reclaim top spot after Barcelona, Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid had all failed to win on Saturday.They drew level in the 36th minute with an audacious long-range free-kick from Alvaro Vadillo, helped by some poor goalkeeping from Sociedad's Alex Remiro.But it was the visitors who struck in the 89th minute to steal all the points, as substitute Adnan Januzaj picked out Porto with a ground pass and the striker again showed real composure inside the area to score his second goal of the game.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableThe victory took Real Sociedad third on the standings on 22 points after 12 games, level with second-placed Real Madrid and leaders Barcelona, who both have a game in hand.Elsewhere, Eibar also picked up a late 2-1 win against Leganes, while in a topsy-turvy game that saw three converted penalties, Osasuna beat Alaves 4-2.Getafe beat Celta Vigo 1-0 while Real Valladolid cruised to a 3-0 win against Real Mallorca. Villarreal and Athletic Bilbao played out a goalless draw.Serie A: Balotelli faces racismMario Balotelli's most important kick on Sunday had nothing to do with the curling shot that he whipped into the top corner of the goal from beyond the box.Rather, it was the drop-kick the Brescia striker made moments earlier when he booted a ball high into the stands to express his frustration at racist chants from Hellas Verona fans.Balotelli then attempted to leave the field in the most high-profile incident yet in a Serie A season that has been marred by constant episodes of discrimination.Verona went ahead 2-0 before Balotelli scored for Brescia and the game ended 2-1.Lazio recorded their first away win against AC Milan in Serie A for 30 years to move fourth with a 2-1 victory at the San Siro.Ciro Immobile headed in his 100th goal for the capital club in the first half but the home side were soon level through a Bastos own goal.Serie A fixturesSerie A tableJoaquin Correa sealed the three points for Lazio with six minutes remaining to extend their unbeaten league run to six matches and move into the Champions League places.Quietly putting together a season that could be one to remember, Cagliari also moved into contention for the Champions League spots with a 2-0 win at 10-man Atalanta.An own-goal from Mario Pasalic and a goal from Christian Oliva moved Cagliari level on points with fourth-place Atalanta.Cagliari have not qualified for European competition in a quarter of a century since reaching the semi-finals of the 1994 UEFA Cup the competition which has since been renamed the Europa League.Elsewhere, Udinese won 3-1 at Genoa under interim coach Luca Gatti, who took over when Igor Tudor was fired Friday after the northeastern club conceded 11 goals in its previous two games.Lecce and Sassuolo drew 2-2 while Fiorentina were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Parma.Bundesliga: Schalke comeback beats Augsburg Schalke's Amine Harit scored an 82nd-minute winner as his team twice came from a goal down to beat hosts Augsburg 3-2 in the Bundesliga on Sunday and move level on points with fourth-placed Bayern Munich.Augsburg managed to score twice in the first half, once with captain Daniel Baier to take the lead in the 38th minute and another with Stephan Lichtsteiner's glancing header for an own goal on the stroke of half-time that brought Schalke level.Bayern part ways with KovacBundesliga fixturesBundesliga tableAlfred Finnbogason's well-taken penalty, awarded for a handball, put the hosts again in front on the hour but Schalke once more responded with Ozan Kabak's darting header from a Daniel Caligiuri free-kick 11 minutes later before Harit snatched the late winner.Elsewhere, Fortuna Dusseldorf beat Cologne 2-0 with Rouwen Hennings and Erik Thommy scoring.Ligue 1: Pressure eased on Vieira The pressure was growing on Nice coach Patrick Vieira after six matches without a win, so a 2-0 home victory in the French league against Reims on Sunday was timely.They were helped when visiting midfielder Moussa Doumbia was sent off in the 26th minute. Vieira's side quickly took advantage with midfielder Wylan Cyprien netting in the 32nd minute and defender Christophe Herelle getting the second shortly before the break.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableNantes missed the chance to close the gap on leader Paris Saint-Germain to five points after losing 2-0 at Bordeaux.The loss dropped Nantes down to third place behind Angers, while Bordeaux improved to sixth with goals from Guinea forward Franois Kamano and South Korea striker Ui-Jo Hwang.St Etienne continued their resurgence under Claude Puel with a 1-0 win against Monaco thanks to Denis Bouanga's 59th-minute goal. The visitors ended the game with 10 men when substitute Ruben Aguilar was shown a straight red card in the final minutes.
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will wait until next summer to replace head coach Ernesto Valverde. Current Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman is favourite to take charge at the Nou Camp. (Marca) Brazilian legend Ronaldo has revealed he looked into buying an English club before he invested in La Liga side Real Valladolid. \"I had looked in England, in the second division. The first one (the Premier League) was too expensive, and the second one was too.\" (AS) Barcelona are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to clinch the signing of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz next summer but will face competition from Real Madrid and several Premier League sides. (Sport) Achraf Hakimi would like to return to Real Madrid when his two-year loan deal with Borussia Dortmund ends this summer. He said: \"Madrid is my home, I grew up there. I am in Borussia until the end of the season and then we'll see.\" (Cadena Ser)ItalyAC Milan will attempt to sell midfielder Franck Kessie in January. Wolverhampton Wanderers were linked with the 22-year-old in the summer and remain interested in the Ivory Coast international who is valued at &#163;21.5m. (Sport Mediaset) The Rossoneri would look to sign Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic to replace Kessie and will also target Udinese's Rodrigo de Paul when the transfer window reopens. (Sport Mediaset)  Inter Milan will look to improve their squad in January after Antonio Conte claimed he lacked the players capable of competing in Serie A and the Champions League. Inter will move for d=De Paul and will also target Genoa forward Christian Kouame. (Corriere dello Sport) GermanyBayern Munich have held talks with Arsene Wenger and would like to appoint the former Arsenal boss after this weekend's Bundesliga clash against Borussia Dortmund. (Bild)  Wenger, who would be appointed until the end of the season, would not look to bring his own coaching team to Bayern and would instead work with the staff currently overseeing the first-team at the Allianz Arena. (Bild)TurkeyChelsea winger Pedro is wanted by Fenerbahce. The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the season and he can speak to clubs outside of England about a summer move in January. (Takvim) Norwich are interested in Besiktas defender Domagoj Vida and could make an offer of around &#163;8.5m for the 30-year-old Croatia centre-back who was a Wolves target in the summer. (Sabah)FranceParis Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo is frustrated with Real Madrid's public pursuit of Kylian Mbappe. \"It annoys me a little,\" he said. \"He's a player who is under contract with us for another two-and-a-half years. Honestly, it's time to stop.\" (RMC Sport) 
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainJuventus are interested in signing James Rodriguez from Real Madrid next summer as Cristiano Ronaldo would like to be reunited with the Colombia international in Turin. (El Desmarque)Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has staunchly denied reports which claim he wants Gareth Bale to leave in January. He said: \"It's silly, nobody can take something out of my mouth that is false. I want Bale to stay here until the end of the season.\" (Marca) Al-Rayyan are interested in Real Madrid striker Mariano Diaz and could make a move for the forward in January. The Qatari side have previously failed in bids to sign Diego Costa from Atletico Madrid and Mario Mandzukic from Juventus. (AS) Lionel Messi would prefer Barcelona to appoint River Plate coach Marcelo Gallardo if the club decide to sack Ernesto Valverde this season. (Mundo Deportivo) GermanyArsene Wenger is now the frontrunner to take charge at Bayern Munich after Ralf Rangnick turned down the chance to hold talks with the club. (Sport Bild)  Bastian Schweinsteiger expects Jose Mourinho, who has been linked with the Bayern job, to work in the Bundesliga: \"I can imagine Mourinho in Germany. He always asked me questions about Bayern and the Bundesliga. He knew all the players, even the least known, and he's learned German.\" (Sport Bild) ItalyThe governing body of Italian football (FIGC) have applied to the International Football Association Board (IFAB) for Serie A clubs to be able to make five substitutions in league matches. (ANSA) Chelsea will rival Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid, Borussia Dortmund, Inter Milan and PSG in the race to sign Brazilian wonderkid Reinier from Flamengo. The 17-year-old has been dubbed a \"Kaka clone\" and has scored three goals in 10 games. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Manchester United have turned down Roma's initial approach to make Chris Smalling's loan move permanent. The Serie A club had hoped a bid of &#163;10m plus a further &#163;2.5m in add-ons would convince United to sell. (Gazzetta dello Sport) France Qatar Sports Investments, the organisation which owns Paris Saint-Germain, remain intent on buying a club in England and their focus is on Leeds United. QSI value the Championship side between &#163;50m-&#163;70m. (L'Equipe) Paris Saint-Germain boss Thomas Tuchel has turned down an approach from Bayern Munich to take charge of the Bundesliga giants, who are searching for a new head coach after Niko Kovac was sacked. (L'Equipe) 
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainGareth Bale wants to leave Real Madrid in January due to his poor relationship with manager Zinedine Zidane. The Welsh star has failed to hold down a regular starting role under the French coach. (AS) Bale's departure would allow Real Madrid to pursue a deal for either Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek or Tottenham star Christian Eriksen. (Mundo Deportivo) Kai Havertz would not rule out a move away from the Bundesliga when he leaves Bayer Leverkusen: \"I'm confident I could go abroad and play at clubs outside of Germany. For the moment, I want to have a good season. Afterwards, we'll see.\" (Marca)Las Palmas are interested in Barcelona midfielder Riqui Puig, who was wanted by Tottenham in the summer, and could make an offer to take the 19-year-old on loan in January. (Marca) ItalyJuventus, Real Madrid and Manchester United all hope to strike a deal with Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old, who has scored 22 goals in 16 games this season, could cost in excess of &#163;85m. (Tuttosport) Sandro Tonali is also on Juventus' list of targets for next summer. The Brescia midfielder, who has been dubbed the new Pirlo, could cost in excess of &#163;50m. (Tuttosport) Bologna hope to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic in January if the Swedish striker is prepared to return to Serie A. \"The phone calls between the coach (Sinisa Mihajlovic) and Ibra are there and if he wants to return to Italy, we're ready,\" said sporting director Riccardo Bigon. (Radio Anch'io Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe a new contract worth almost &#163;700,000 a week after tax to keep him out of the clutches of Real Madrid of Barcelona. The French forward's current deal expires in the summer of 2022. (Le Parisien)Mauro Icardi does not want to return to Inter Milan and hopes his loan move to PSG will be made permanent. \"To play for PSG is massive, it's one of the best clubs in the world. I'll do everything I can to stay. I need to show what I've got on the pitch.\" (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich may look to appoint an interim head coach until the end of the campaign as Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is not prepared to walk out on the Dutch giants mid-season. (Kicker) 
Zinedine Zidane defended Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez after both players left the Santiago Bernabeu before the end of Real Madrid&#8217;s La Liga draw with Real Betis.  Zidane saw his Real side drop points for the fifth time in 11 league matches on Saturday as they missed a chance to move two points clear at the top of the table after leaders Barcelona lost 3-1 to Levante.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableThe French head coach insisted Bale, who was not part of the matchday squad for the 0-0 draw, had not shown a lack of commitment with his decision to leave the ground - something he has done before this season.Zidane has previously insisted Bale has permission to do so, while his exit did not conflict with club policy, which forbids players from leaving the stadium before the 80th minute if in attendance\"I don't think it's a lack of respect at all,\" Zidane said.\"Both players were here before the game to cheer on their team-mates, that's the most important thing.\"Bale has not featured for Real since sustaining an injury in Wales' 1-1 draw with Croatia on October 13.The 30-year-old was seen last month in London, leading to several reports that he was holding transfer talks with his agent Jonathan Barnett about a potential move to China but Zidane said the player had been given permission for \"personal reasons\".Bale was close to securing a move to Chinese club Jiangsu Suning during the summer transfer window in a deal which would have seen the 30-year-old earn &#163;1m-a-week.
Bayern Munich sit four points off the top of the Bundesliga after a 5-1 thrashing at the hands of Eintracht Frankfurt. Eintracht punished the Bundesliga champions, who had Germany international Jerome Boateng sent off after just nine minutes.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesFilip Kostic and Djibril Sow scored first-half goals for the dominant hosts, and while Robert Lewandowski pulled one back for Bayern before half-time, Eintracht steam-rollered their illustrious opponents in a relentless second 45 minutes.David Abraham, Martin Hinteregger and Goncalo Paciencia put Bayern to the sword, lifting Eintracht up to sixth place, just one point off their fourth-placed opponents who now sit a further fourth points adrift of league leaders Monchengladbach.Borrussia Dortmund held on to second place with a 3-0 win over Wolfsburg. Thorgan Hazard, Raphael Guerreiro and Mario Gotze with the goals.La Liga: Barca badly beaten, Real fail to capitaliseBarcelona risk sacrificing top spot in La Liga after they were humbled by mid-table Levante's second-half comeback, going down 3-1.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLionel Messi opened the scoring with a first-half penalty but three goals inside 10 minutes gave Levante the lead against the Spanish champions.Jose Campana equalised and Borja Mayoral gave Levante the lead just two minutes later. A shell-shocked Barcelona then conceded a third five minutes after and the Valencia-based side held on for a famous win.Real Madrid missed the chance to make the most of Barcelona's shock 3-1 defeat at Levante as Real Betis battled to a goalless draw at Santiago Bernabeu.Eden Hazard's early effort was ruled out for offside at the start of what proved to be a frustrating night for Real Madrid, who found Betis goalkeeper Joel Robles in good form.Atletico Madrid were also held by Sevilla. Both sides are neck and neck with 21 points each, and couldnt be separated over 90 minutes. Sevilla took the lead through Franco Vazquez before former Chelsea man Alvaro Morata hit a second half equaliser.Serie A: Lukaku hits double as Inter go topFormer Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku hit a stoppage-time penalty as Inter beat Bologna 2-1 to leapfrog Juventus and go top of Serie A.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesRoberto Soriano put Bologna in front in the second half, but Lukaku hit back with an equaliser 15 minutes from time and struck again late on with a well-taken penalty to give his side all three points.Elsewhere, Roma made it three wins in a row and go third with an impressive win over fellow contenders Napoli.Nicolo Zaniolo broke the deadlock in the first half before a Jordan Veretout penalty doubled Roma's lead.And while Arkadiusz Milik hit back in the second half, an impressive backline including Chris Smalling held on for the win despite the stoppage-time dismissal of centre-back Mert Cetin.
There's less than two months to go until the January transfer window opens for business. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will allow midfielder Carles Alena, who has recently been linked with Tottenham, to leave on loan in January. (Mundo Deportivo)Another midfielder who had looked set to leave the Camp Nou was Arturo Vidal. However, after scoring against Real Valladolid in midweek the Chilean started Saturday's 3-1 loss at Levante and is understood to have moved up coach Ernesto Valverde's pecking order. (Marca)Barca coach Valverde is adamant he will not walk away after seeing his side lose for the third time in La Liga already this season. \"I'm not thinking of resigning,\" he said. The Blaugrana remain top of the table on goal difference. (Sport)Ajax's Netherlands U17 international Naci Unuvar insists he is focused on the U17 World Cup taking place in Brazil, rather than Barcelona's reported interest in him.\"I am flattered by Barca's interest but right now I am only thinking about the World Cup,\" the 16-year-old attacker said. \"The messages from Barca, right now, take second place. I am completely focused on this competition.\" (Sport)ItalyBayern Munich still retain a keen interest in Manchester City winger Leroy Sane but will only offer &#163;69m. (Calciomercato) AC Milan will revive their interest in Juventus defender Daniele Rugani after failing to bring the Italian to San Siro in the summer. The 25-year-old has previously been linked with Arsenal. (Calciomercato)Liverpool have joined Chelsea and Borussia Dortmund in watching Hertha Berlin's Dutch winger Jaivaro Dilrosun. The 21-year-old has three goals and two assists in the Bundesliga this season. (Calciomercato)Internazionale are planning for life without goalkeeper and captain Samir Handanovic. Udinese keeper Juan Musso and Ionat Radu, on loan at Genoa from Inter, are under consideration to succeed the 35-year-old. (Tuttosport)GermanyBayern Munich's decision to cancel Sunday's open training session has nothing to do with the future of under-pressure coach Niko Kovac following Saturday's 5-1 humbling at Eintracht Frankfurt. (Sport1) FranceParis Saint-Germain defender Marquinhos in close to signing a contract extension with the French champions which will take him beyond 2022. (Le10Sport) Former Juventus boss Max Allegri remains an option to replace Thomas Tuchel at Paris Saint-Germain following Friday's shock 2-1 defeat at Dijon. (Le Parisien)PSG could accelerate plans to sign Juventus right-back Mattia De Sciglio from the Italian champions in January after Abdou Diallo's unconvincing display there against Dijon. (Le Parisien)On the left-hand side of defence, PSG would like Layvin Kurzawa to leave in January - six months before his contract is due to end - and will reinvest any money they recoup for the former Monaco left-back. (Le Parisien)RomaniaSteaua Bucharest coach Bogdan Vintila has confirmed Manchester City's interest in Romanian winger Florinel Coman. \"There were discussions with some people for Coman. It was about Florinel Coman being bought by a club owned by City,\" Vintila said. \"Anything is possible. Coman has quality. Maybe he can get to City. I say he can cope there. Maybe, because it's harder to adapt there, but otherwise, the team also helps.\" (Digisport)
Clubs across Europe can't sign players for another two months but that won't stop sides from identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyManchester City had a bid for Juventus midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur rejected in the summer but the Premier League champions remain interested in the Argentina international who is also wanted by Barcelona. (Corriere dello Sport)AC Milan are prepared to make an offer for Liverpool centre-back Dejan Lovren in January. The Serie A giants were interested in the Croatian international in the summer but were put off by the Reds' &#163;20m valuation. (Tuttosport)Juventus are prepared to offer Red Bull Salzburg &#163;35m for striker Erling Haaland and the striker's agent Mino Raiola is already working on a deal to take the 19-year-old to Turin. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Inter Milan could give Barcelona a first option on either Stefano Sensi, Lautaro Martinez or Milan Skriniar if the La Liga giants are prepared let Arturo Vidal join the Italian club on loan in January. (Tuttosport)GermanyManchester City want Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho and are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to re-sign the 19-year-old who left the club in the summer of 2017. However, they will face competition from Real Madrid and Barcelona. (Sport Bild)Liverpool, Bayern Munich and Barcelona are all interested in Valencia's 19-year-old winger Ferran Torres. The Spain Under-21 international's contract expires in 2021 and he could be available for a cut-price fee next summer. (Sport Bild)Bayern Munich are interested in Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino and could look to replace Niko Kovac with the Argentine coach. (Sport1)Schalke sporting director Jochen Schneider would like to keep Everton loanee Jonjoe Kenny at the club beyond this season: \"We're happy that we have him, not only as a player but as a person he suits Schalke. I hope we will have the chance to keep him longer.\" (Sport Bild)France Emre Can wants to leave Juventus and join Paris Saint-Germain. The Germany international was omitted from Juve's Champions League squad this season and has started just once under Maurizio Sarri. (Soccer Link)Marco Verratti has agreed a three-year extension to his contract at Paris Saint-Germain which will keep him at the French club until 2024. The Italian midfielder has been a long-term target for Barcelona but a move to the Camp Nou has never come to fruition. (Various)
Clubs across Europe have to wait another two months to sign players but that won't stop potential targets being or discussions being held over future deals. So, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkGermanyBayern Munich president Uli Hoeness believes the club will be able to sign Manchester City winger Leroy Sane for under &#163;85m next summer because the Germany international will have just one year remaining on his contract. (Sport Bild)SpainKylian Mbappe, Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford remain on Barcelona's radar but the La Liga champions are set to move for Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez. The Argentine, who has also been linked with Manchester United, has a &#163;95.6m buyout clause that becomes active next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona defender Gerard Pique insists there is no rift between Lionel Messi and Antoine Griezmann. \"Just because he doesn't get on with Griezmann like he does with Luis (Suarez) doesn't mean they don't get on well,\" the centre-back said. (AS)Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Brazilian wonderkid Reinier from Flamengo but may have to pay over &#163;50m to sign the 17-year-old attacking midfielder. (AS) Borussia Dortmund have watched Valencia's Ferran Torres on several occasions this season and plan to make a move for the winger next summer. The 19-year-old has also been linked with Barcelona and Liverpool. (Marca) ItalyRoma have made an offer of around &#163;8.5m to make Chris Smalling's loan move from Manchester United permanent but the Premier League club want closer to &#163;17m for the centre-back. (Sky Italia) Chelsea are interested in Hertha winger Javairo Dilrosun and could make a move for the 21-year-old next summer. The Netherlands international has three goals and two assists in six Bundesliga games this season and is also wanted by Borussia Dortmund. (Calciomercato) Inter Milan CEO Beppe Marotta does not expect the club to sign players in January despite being linked with Nemanja Matic, Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal. \"The January window is poor, there aren't many great opportunities,\" he said. \"I don't know what the market can offer, no great players are available.\" (Sky Italia) FranceEdinson Cavani is not completely happy at Paris Saint-Germain, according to head coach Thomas Tuchel. The Uruguayan, who is out of contract next summer, has not started a game since his return from injury earlier this month. (L'Equipe)  Nantes are the latest side to show interest in Hatem Ben Arfa. The Frenchman has been without a club since leaving Rennes at the end of last season and has been linked with Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 teams. (L'Equipe)BelgiumWatford and Wolves are interested in Royal Antwerp defender Aurelio Buta and could make a move for the 22-year-old in January. (Het Nieuwsblad) 
Kylian Mbappe will eventually depart Paris Saint-Germain for Real Madrid, according to former Monaco vice president Vadim Vasilyev. Vasilyev was vice president of Mbappe's former club Monaco from 2013-2019, for whom the striker scored 27 goals in 60 appearances prior to his move to the French capital.'Barca players offered to delay salaries for Neymar'Sociedad snatch late win, Lazio beat MilanTransfer Centre LIVE!Mbappe has been frequently linked with a switch to the Bernabeu since his &#163;121.5m arrival at PSG in 2018 after an initial season-long loan, and Vasilyev believes it is only a matter of time before the France international leaves for the La Liga club.\"Kylian told me: 'Vadim, I feel it deep inside me, it is too early [to leave France],'\" the 54-year-old told Telefoot.\"'I have only played in my country for one year. I am Parisian and I do not want to leave my country this way. I want to be a great player here, Real can wait.'\"It is coming [a move to Real Madrid], but he told me that was his feeling and he was right.\"I told him: 'They will come knocking and the entire Santiago Bernabeu will applaud when you arrive. You do not need confirmation to know that.'\"During the summer, Mbappe admitted that he would be open to a \"new project\" and was considering his future at the Parc des Princes, before the Ligue 1 champions revealed in May that he would remain at the club for the 2019/20 campaign. His team-mate Neymar also came close to departing PSG during the transfer window, with Barcelona and Real Madrid both holding talks with the Brazil international before he eventually agreed to stay.World Cup-winning forward Mbappe is under contract at the Parisian club until 2022.He helped PSG to back-to-back league titles, scoring 32 goals and making seven assists in Ligue 1 last term.Despite missing six games due to thigh and hamstring problems, he has managed nine goals in 10 appearances so far this season.
Barcelona were so keen to bring Neymar back from Paris Saint-Germain that the players were ready to accept delays to salary payments in order for the club to afford the Brazilian, defender Gerard Pique has revealed. Barca spent the bulk of the last transfer window trying to lure Neymar back from PSG, two years after he left the Catalan club for a world record transfer fee of &#163;200m.Rivaldo: Neymar has to leave PSGBut the two clubs failed to reach an agreement before September's transfer deadline.Barcelona, who had already signed French forward Antoine Griezmann for &#163;107m and Frenkie de Jong for &#163;65m, were constricted in their pursuit for Neymar by UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.The rules, designed to prevent football's richest owners from compressing their rivals, oblige clubs to be transparent about revenues and broadly balance them against expenditure. They also include a limit on the losses clubs can incur.\"We told (club president Josep Maria) Bartomeu that if it was necessary to delay payments in our contracts to meet Financial Fair Play regulations and sign Neymar we would do it,\" Pique told Spanish radio station Cadena Ser on Thursday.\"We were ready to adjust our contracts. We weren't going to contribute money, but we were going to make things easier by allowing some payments to be made in the second or third year instead of the first.\"The Brazilian sat out the start of the season while he waited for the transfer saga to end but returned to the team in September, scoring four goals in five Ligue 1 appearances.He is currently sidelined with a groin injury sustained on international duty with Brazil.

As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. And we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus could launch a move to bring Paul Pogba back to Turin in January. The France midfielder left the Serie A champions in 2016 for Manchester United but is keen to leave Old Trafford and is open to a return to Italy. (Tuttosport)AC Milan and Inter Milan will pursue deals for Luka Modric, Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal in January. Real Madrid midfielder Modric is on the radar of the Rossoneri while Barcelona duo Rakitic and Vidal have both been linked with a move to Inter. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Edinson Cavani turned down a move to Inter Milan in the summer as the Uruguay striker wanted to see out his contract with Paris Saint-Germain, which expires at the end of the current campaign. (Gazzetta dello Sport)SpainZinedine Zidane does not want Gareth Bale to leave Real Madrid in January. \"We have a good relationship, no matter what is said about that in the press,\" Zidane said. \"He never talks about leaving and I would not welcome his departure this winter.\" (Cadena Cope)The Wales forward's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has played down speculation Bale will leave for China in January. \"Gareth is ecstatic to play for Madrid,\" he said. \"China? Don't believe everything you read.\" (Deportes Cuatro)AC Milan are interested in Carles Alena and would like to sign the Barcelona midfielder on loan in January. However, the 21-year-old would prefer to stay in Spain and may have offers from Real Betis, Getafe, Celta Vigo and Granada. (Estadio Deportivo)Ajax, Real Betis and Eibar hoped to take Barcelona youngster Riqui Puig on loan in the summer but the La Liga champions wanted the midfielder, who is regarded as one of the club's brightest academy prospects, to remain at the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo)Germany Borussia Dortmund have identified Hertha winger Javairo Dilrosun and Valencia's Ferran Torres as potential replacements for Jadon Sancho. (Sport Bild)Sancho is expected to leave Dortmund next summer and the German club will use the &#163;130m fee Barcelona paid for Ousmane Dembele as a benchmark figure for the England international. (Sport Bild)Denis Zakaria will not leave Borussia Monchengladbach in the January transfer window according to the club's sporting director Max Eberl. The midfielder has been linked with Liverpool, Manchester United, Tottenham and Arsenal. (Sportbuzzer)FranceCristiano Ronaldo has admitted he would prefer to only play in the Champions League and for Portugal: \"If it were up to me I would only play important games,\" he said. \"Those of the national team and the Champions League. Those with something at stake, with a difficult environment, with pressure.\" (France Football)Layvin Kurzawa will turn down offers to leave Paris Saint-Germain in January and will see out his contract with the Ligue 1 club before leaving for nothing next summer. (Le Parisen)
Lionel Messi scored two goals and set up two more as Barcelona thrashed Real Valladolid 5-1 to move top of La Liga. Ernesto Valverde's side ran out comfortable winners at the Camp Nou, where Saturday's Clasico against Real Madrid was due to be played before it was postponed until December because of political tension.The unstoppable Messi teed up Arturo Vidal with a magical pass for the Chilean to put the hosts 2-1 ahead after Kiko Olivas cancelled out Clement Lenglet's early deflected opener.Then the Argentine whipped a free-kick into the top corner, fired home another and sent Luis Suarez through to ensure Barcelona moved top on 22 points from 10 matches.Atletico Madrid were held to a 1-1 draw at Alaves as Lucas Perez's sublime solo strike stopped the visitors moving provisionally top of the table.Atletico substitute Alvaro Morata scored his third goal in three games to fire them ahead in the 70th minute as Diego Simeone's team struggled to find top form at Mendizorroza.Alaves' Fernando Pacheco made fine saves to deny Spain striker Morata a second and foil Angel Correa before Perez cut in from the right and lashed a thunderbolt into the top corner.Atletico are second after 11 games, level on 20 points with Granada, who face Getafe on Thursday.Serie A: Lukaku sends Inter topA stunning strike by Romelu Lukaku gave Inter Milan a 2-1 win at Brescia.The win took Inter back to the top of Serie A, at least for 24 hours until Juventus, who are two points behind, host Genoa on Wednesday. Inter went ahead with a fortuitous goal from Lautaro Martinez, whose strike deflected off defender Andrea Cistana and looped into the net, before Lukaku extended their lead with a stinging drive in the 63rd minute.Brescia, who dominated the second half, were rewarded with an own goal by Milan Skriniar in the 76th minute, but Inter held on despite fierce pressure in the closing stages.Elsewhere, Parma missed the chance to go fifth in the table after they were beaten 1-0 at home by Verona.
Neymar needs to leave Paris Saint-Germain in order to fulfil his potential, according to former Barcelona and Brazil international Rivaldo. The 27-year-old came close to leaving PSG this summer but agreed to stay after talks broke down over a proposed return to Barcelona, before the European transfer window deadline.Neymar's displays have been criticised and booed by sections of PSG's fanbase, despite some impressive performances, including against Strasbourg when he scored an injury-time overhead kick.Euro Papers: New PSG deal for Mbappe?Model charged with fraud in Neymar caseKaka: Neymar can lead PSG CL challengeHe has vowed to \"give my life on the pitch\" for PSG, following a turbulent summer of transfer speculation.However, Rivaldo, who scored 35 goals in 75 games for Brazil between 1993-2003, said: \"I believe a lot in Neymar. But I think he has to leave [PSG].\"That's why he wanted to leave at this transfer window at any cost, PSG is a great club but not one for the level of Neymar.\"I think that, at a world stage, everybody talks only about Barcelona, Real Madrid and some other big clubs from England, some from Germany.\"He has to go to a club that has more history at Champions [League].\"Of course, if he wins the Champions [League] and can be a world champion, it will be much easier to become the best player in the world.\" Neymar is currently facing at least another two weeks on the sidelines after suffering a thigh injury in Brazil's 1-1 draw with Nigeria in October.Rivaldo drew comparisons between Neymar and Ronaldinho, who departed PSG for the Nou Camp in 2003 and went on to win La Liga and the Spanish Super Cup twice respectively - as well as the Champions League in 2006.Neymar: What happened?Firmino scores as Senegal hold Brazil\"He has to be like Ronaldinho. Ronaldinho left there (PSG) to come to Barcelona to be the best player in the world,\" he said.\"But these are things that happen. We are human beings, we make mistakes. I believe Neymar made a mistake on this matter of going there.\"But he still has time, he's 27-years-old, a lot of things ahead of him. He almost left this year and I believe he will leave at the next transfer window. And he will be the best player in the world.\" Real Madrid were also interested in bringing Neymar back to La Liga last summer, and Rivaldo believes the forward would not turn down an offer if they once again showed an interest in bringing him to the Bernabeu.\"If a club like Real Madrid is interested, I am sure he would go there. Of course, Barcelona fans would be very upset with that, but he's a professional (player).\"And he knows he has to leave PSG, he knows he made a mistake. With all the respect to PSG, which is a great club, but it's not a club for the level of Neymar.\"Despite multiple injury setbacks, Neymar has scored four goals in five appearances at the beginning of this season for PSG.He arrived at the French club from Barcelona for a world-record &#163;200m fee in 2017.
Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane says Gareth Bale had permission to travel to London earlier this week for &#8220;personal reasons&#8221;. Bale was spotted in the English capital on Monday, leading to several reports that he was holding transfer talks with his agent about a potential move to China.Euro Papers: Bale to China back on?Rearranged El Clasico date confirmedHowever, Zidane says the Welshman - who is currently injured - was allowed to go to England to deal with a personal issue.\"He spoke directly with the club because he had personal reasons and he's entitled to do it,\" Zidane said.\"I can't say what's going on. Every player has the right to keep personal, that's all. So two things - it was personal and he got permission from the club.\"There's not a story to tell. He went to London because he's not available, but he never said that he wants to leave the club. He's here and if he can train he does it, and if he can play he does it.\"Bale hasn't featured for Real since sustaining an injury in Wales' 1-1 draw with Croatia on October 13. Despite a public falling out in the summer, Zidane insists there is no problem between the pair.\"We have a good relationship. The player is here, he wants to achieve things, he makes an effort, he trains,\" Zidane added.\"Many things are said but, at the end, we all know, and you all know, what kind of player he is when he's fit, when he's 100 per cent.\"If he's not available then he's not, but there's a huge mess here around what's going on and we have a good relationship.\"Bale was linked with a host of clubs during the summer transfer window and was close to securing a move to Chinese club Jiangsu Suning in a deal which would have seen the 30-year-old earn &#163;1m-a-week. Asked if he expects Bale to leave the club in January, Zidane replied: \"There won't be any offers, I don't think so. I'm not thinking about that anyway.\"Gareth is a Real Madrid player and things will be discussed next January, next June at the latest. But so far, he's here and I'm happy with him.\"

Zlatan Ibrahimovic has suggested he will return to Spanish football in a cryptic post on social media. The former Barcelona striker took to Instagram on Tuesday to hint at a possible return to La Liga after ending the season with LA Galaxy.Zlatan: If I don't stay, nobody will remember MLSNapoli owner: I want to sign Ibrahimovic\"Hola Espana, guess what? I'm coming back,\" said the former Manchester United, Juventus and PSG striker.Ibrahimovic recently claimed that \"nobody will remember\" the MLS if he opts to leave LA Galaxy following their 5-3 play-off defeat to Los Angeles FC.The 38-year-old's contract is due to expire in December and he has been linked with a return to Europe.\"I have another two months [on my contract],\" he said.\"We'll see what happens. ... [If I stay], then MLS is good, because the whole world will watch it. If I don't stay, nobody will remember what MLS is.\" Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has expressed an interest in signing Ibrahimovic this season.\"[Ibrahimovic] is a friend, I met him in Los Angeles not as a footballer but as a normal person because we were in the same hotel,\" De Laurentiis told Sky in Italy.\"I invited him over for dinner with his wife and kids and we had an amazing time. It would be my wish to see him in Napoli colours, it's more than a suggestion and it depends on him. It's been talked about for a few months now.\"
The January transfer window is inching ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainChinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua remain interested in Gareth Bale and could make a move for the Real Madrid star in January. The La Liga side are willing to let Bale leave for nothing to get his &#163;30m-a-year contract off their books. (Marca)Barcelona are prepared to offer Ivan Rakitic to Inter Milan in exchange for Stefano Sensi. The Italy international is currently on loan at Inter from Sassuolo but the Serie A giants can sign him permanently for &#163;21.5m. (Sport)Former Watford head coach Javi Gracia is the frontrunner to take over at Celta Vigo if the club decide to sack under-pressure Fran Escriba. (Radio Galega)ItalyRoma have turned down the opportunity to sign Jack Rodwell on a free transfer. The midfielder joined up with the Serie A club last week on trial as they searched for reinforcements to ease their injury crisis. (Corriere dello Sport)AC Milan want to add experience to their squad in January and could launch a move for Ivan Rakitic if Barcelona are prepared to sell the Croatian midfielder for around &#163;30m. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Paris Saint-Germain are expected to make Mauro Icardi's loan move from Inter Milan permanent for &#163;60m after the Argentine striker scored seven goals in his opening seven games for the Ligue 1 side. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Find out more about Sky SportsWhat's on Sky Sports this weekZlatan Ibrahimovic is wanted by Brazilian club Flamengo. The striker's contract with LA Galaxy expires in December and has also attracted interest from Napoli and Boca Juniors. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Gianluigi Buffon wants to remain at Juventus until the summer of 2021 and the Serie A side are considering offering the goalkeeper a contract which will keep Buffon at the club until he is 43 years old. (Tuttosport)Juventus and Atletico Madrid are both interested in Porto wonderkid Fabio Silva. The 17-year-old striker has made six senior appearances and scored his first goal against Famalicao at the weekend. (CalcioMercato)Germany Bayern Munich remain interested in Leroy Sane and are confident they can secure the signing of the winger from Manchester City next summer. (Sky Germany)If Manchester City lose Sane they will make a move for Real Sociedad's Mikel Oyarzabal, who has been compared to Antoine Griezmann. (Sky Germany)FranceBarcelona, Bayern Munich and AC Milan are all interested in Lille striker Victor Osimhen. The Nigeria international has impressed since a summer move from Charleroi, scoring eight goals in 14 matches. (Soccer Link)TurkeyBesiktas want to send Loris Karius back to Liverpool in January despite the goalkeeper's two-year loan deal not expiring until next summer. (Takvim)
<strong>It must be big news because they even cracked the duopoly on the cover of the Spanish newspapers on Monday.</strong> Sport and Mundo Deportivo stuck with Barcelona. Naturally.Marca went with Real Madrid. No surprises there.But AS were good enough to acknowledge the biggest story of the weekend - Granada are top of La Liga for the first time in 46 years.Granada. Newly-promoted Granada.The 1-0 home win over Real Betis on Sunday took the Andalusian side to 20 points from their first 10 games - as many as they managed all season in their previous La Liga campaign. The only aspect of that campaign that resonated over in England was the shock appointment of Tony Adams complete with his even more shocking training ground drills.The club was in a mess back in 2017. Owner Gianni Pozzo had sold up but this was a club that owned hardly any of its own players let alone its stadium or training ground. There was no identity. Adams named a team of 11 different nationalities for his first game in charge against Celta Vigo - and none of them were Spanish. Everything was heading one way.Or so it seemed.Adams, who reverted to the role of advisor to the club's new Chinese owners, had at least spoken sense when he talked of wanting \"to give the club back to the fans\" and that is precisely how it now feels for the Granada fans. A dozen of the squad are from Andalusia. Head coach Diego Martinez has been a revelation, guiding the club to promotion last term. Even so, they were still up against it this season. Only two teams in La Liga have a lower salary cap. The starting line-up at the weekend cost around &#8364;7m or about a quarter as much as Betis substitute Borja Iglesias. And yet, the wins keep coming. Incredibly, victory away to Getafe on Thursday would guarantee top spot at the start of November.For Antonio Navarro, correspondent for local newspaper Ideal, it is an unexpected turn of events that has captured the imagination of a city.It's not just the Alhambra drawing gasps in Granada now.Latest La Liga tableLatest transfer news\"You can imagine how excited people are,\" Navarro tells Sky Sports.\"The mastery that Diego Martinez is demonstrating is key. Despite having no experience in the top division, he has managed to turn the team into a perfectly-oiled machine last year. They are seamless in defence and electric in attack where everyone participates.\"It is all about the collective. Many players from last season have stayed and those who have come in - important players like Yan Eteki, Maxime Gonalons and Roberto Soldado - have adapted to what Diego Martinez demands.\"Diego is a hard worker. He analyses his rivals very well and he knows where his own team's weaknesses are too.\"The significance of Martinez's role in all this can hardly be overstated. A charismatic figure with a penchant for standing on the touchline wearing T-shirts emblazoned with logos from brands such as Giorgio Armani and Hugo Boss, the youngest coach in La Liga is already causing a stir. Bigger jobs are expected to follow but first there is work to do. Victor Olivencia, a journalist based in the city with Granada Hoy, also credits him for the run that the club is enjoying right now.\"For me, there are two reasons for the success,\" Olivencia tells Sky Sports.\"The first is Diego Martinez. The second is that the players are playing as a real team - and that is down to Diego Martinez.\"He has convinced the players to trust him and so this is a group where the individuals are at the service of the collective. He has no famous players really but they always fight until the end. It is a team that knows its limitations but has managed to hide them through commitment, effort and a great mentality. They never give up.Get a Sky Sports Day Pass\"They were a very tough team last year who all defended well and always knew how to compete in any stadium. They are very good tactically. Under Martinez, there are able to read a football match and play in very different ways even with the same game.\"Navarro agrees.\"They defend as a team and if Diego leaves an important player on the bench there is no fall-out because everyone accepts that the whole squad is important,\" he explains. \"It is a phrase that is repeated by the players in interviews.\" Soldado was on the bench at the weekend but the veteran has played his part in this success, responsible for one of the five headed goals that Granada have scored. No other team has more than two. In part, that is because they have scored more set-piece goals than any other side. This is a success forged on the training ground as much as the pitch.The former Spurs striker is enjoying his twilight years as a footballer but others in this Granada team are making a name for themselves.The 21-year-old Venezuela international Yangel Herrera, on loan from Manchester City, has been a real presence. \"He is evolving to a great level here and is the master of the centre of the midfield,\" says Navarro. \"Alvaro Vadillo and Antonio Puertas also did a great job last year and this year they are continuing to shine in La Liga.\"But it the defence that has been the bedrock of Granada's success so far.The 2-0 home win over Barcelona has been the undoubted highlight but there have been three further victories since then in front of their own fans at Los Carmenes and they have not conceded a goal in any of them. With wins away to Espanyol and Celta Vigo too, Granada have six clean sheets from 10 games - as many as the big two combined.Navarro is full of praise for the \"spectacular performances\" of German in defence but it is a team effort. \"Rui Silva, perhaps the next goalkeeper of the Portugal national team, is having a great season,\" he adds. \"He is well protected by German, Victor Diaz, Domingos Duarte and Carlos Neva - the four defenders who almost always play.\" How long can they keep this up?The odds are against them but, as Martinez puts it, this is a team that has learned to wear many suits. They are capable of sucker-punching opponents. Only Alaves have seen less of the ball this season but it does not seem to matter. They are finding ways to win.Navarro likens them to the Joker from the Batman comics. Granada smile at their opponents and just when things look bleak, they sow chaos.\"An exceptional environment has been created,\" says Martinez himself but he asks that nobody forgets this is a newly-promoted team. \"They must keep working hard to succeed.\"Olivencia is similarly cautious.\"It is still very early and tougher times are sure to arrive but the fans are delighted with the team. The objective is to stay up and they already have half the work done.\"For now though, there are not just three teams below Granada but 19 of them.Front-page news and deservedly so.
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainMarcus Rashford and Harry Kane remain on Barcelona's radar as they continue to scour Europe for a long-term replacement for Luis Suarez. Kylian Mbappe and Lautaro Martinez are, however, the front-runners on the club's shortlist. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are set to open contract talks with Lionel Messi and Marc-Andre ter Stegen in the coming months. Messi's current deal expires in the summer of 2021 while the German goalkeeper's contract runs until 2022. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are interested in Stefano Sensi and could make a move for the Italian midfielder next summer. Sensi is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Sassuolo and the Serie A club have an option to make the deal permanent for &#163;21.5m. (Sport)Carles Alena is set to leave Barcelona on loan in January due to a lack of playing time this season. The midfielder has previously been linked with a move to the Premier League but Barca would prefer the 21-year-old to remain in La Liga. (Sport)Real Madrid are interested in Paris Saint-Germain's 17-year-old midfielder Adil Aouchiche, who struck nine goals in four games at this summer's U17 European Championships. (AS)Italy Manchester United are keen on Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar but the Premier League side would face competition from Barcelona if they decide to move for the Slovakia international. (Tuttosport)Antonio Conte would rather Inter pursue a deal for Arturo Vidal in January rather than trying to convince Barcelona to sell Ivan Rakitic. The Italian coach does not believe the Croatian midfielder is needed after the emergence of Stefano Sensi. (Tuttosport)France Watford have made an offer for 17-year-old striker Haissem Hassan, who plays for Ligue 2 side Chateauroux. However, the Hornets face competition from Barcelona to sign the France U18 international. (L'Equipe)Paris Saint-Germain have yet to hold talks with Edinson Cavani over a new contract and the Uruguayan is set to leave the French capital when his contract expires at the end of the season. (Le Parisen)Mauro Icardi has called Paris Saint-Germain the best side he has played for after he struck twice in the club's 4-0 win over Marseille. \"I have played with great champions, but this PSG is the best team I have ever played in,\" the Argentine striker said. (Canal+)HollandFormer Tottenham star Rafael van der Vaart believes the club should sign Ajax's Hakim Ziyech to replace Christian Eriksen: \"I talked to [Daniel] Levy and said, 'Sign Ziyech after this season'. I'm convinced he would be a sensation in London.\" (Studio Voetbal)
Javier Hernandez scored his first La Liga goal for Sevilla whose 2-0 win over Getafe took them level with second-placed Barcelona. Mexico's all-time top scorer broke the deadlock in the 69th minute with a coolly-taken first-time finish to get off the mark in his fifth league appearance for Sevilla, having scored twice already in the Europa League.Argentine winger Lucas Ocampos sealed the win in the 78th minute, deceiving Getafe keeper David Soria with a dummy before tapping in.Sevilla are fifth in the standings on 19 points after nine games, locked on points with Barcelona as well as third-placed Real Sociedad and Atletico Madrid in fourth.Barca have a game in hand after the Clasico against Real Madrid, originally scheduled for Saturday, was postponed until December due to security concerns.Promoted Granada are the surprise La Liga leaders on 20 points after beating Real Betis 1-0 on Sunday, while Real Sociedad won 1-0 at Celta Vigo.Ligue 1: A thrashing in Le ClassiqueParis St Germain continued their dominance over Le Classique rivals Marseille with a 4-0 thrashing at the Parc des Princes.Marseille have not beaten their bitter rivals since 2011 and hopes of a rare win were quickly extinguished by a stunning first-half display from the hosts, who have scored 13 goals in three games in the injured Neymar's absence.Mauro Icardi and Kylian Mbappe - who shared five goals in Tuesday's Champions League mauling of Club Brugge - both scored twice before half-time while visiting goalkeeper Steve Mandanda made a number of saves to prevent further embarrassment for Andre Villas-Boas' side.With the damage done, the teams played out a goalless second period as PSG moved eight points clear at the top of Ligue 1, with their opponents 11 points off the pace in seventh.Elsewhere, Saint-Etienne needed an own goal from Amiens defender Bakaye Dibassy to draw 2-2 at home with their bottom-half rivals.Wahbi Khazri put the hosts ahead on the stroke of half-time but Amiens hit back with a second-half double from Stiven Mendoza and Chadrac Akolo before Dibassy's own goal.A 92nd-minute winner from Rennes substitute Yann Gboho saw them move eighth with a 3-2 win over Toulouse which keeps the visitors a point outside the bottom three. M'baye Niang and Adrien Hunou had the hosts 2-0 up inside six minutes, but Mathieu Dossevi and Max Gradel netted either side of half-time to even the scores, until Gboho's last-gasp winner.Serie A: Atalanta bounce back from City loss in styleAtalanta shrugged off their midweek Champions League mauling by Manchester City as they stormed to a 7-1 win over Udinese in Serie A.Luis Muriel scored a hat-trick as his side strengthened their grip on third place in the table with a result that equalled their previous best in the Italian top flight.Stefano Okaka had put the visitors in front after 11 minutes but his opener was cancelled out by Josip Ilicic before the game changed when Udinese's Nicholas Opoku was sent off on the half-hour.Opoku conceded the penalty, which Muriel converted, and Ilicic scored his second to put Atalanta 3-1 in front before half-time.A further brace from Muriel - including a second penalty - and efforts from Mario Pasalic and Amad Traore wrapped up the home side's historic day. Fourth-placed Napoli lost ground on the teams above them after Carlo Ancelotti's men were held to a frustrating 1-1 draw at lowly SPAL.Arkadiusz Milik had given Napoli a ninth-minute lead but Jasmin Kurtic equalised seven minutes later and it proved enough to give the hosts only their seventh point of the season.Roma capitalised by jumping up to fifth place and closing the gap on Napoli to a single point with a 2-1 win over struggling AC Milan.The result left Stefano Pioli still searching for his first win as Milan boss as defensive errors continued to cost his side dear. Edin Dzeko headed Roma in front late in the first half and despite an equaliser from Theo Hernandez, a blunder at the back allowed Nicolo Zaniolo to rifle the winner from the edge of the box.Cagliari stretched their unbeaten run in Serie A to seven games after a 1-1 draw at Torino.Nahitan Nandez put the visitors in front five minutes before the interval but Simone Zaza equalised after 69 minutes for mid-table Torino, who are now winless in four.There was more misery for bottom club Sampdoria who fell to a 2-1 defeat at Bologna.Rodrigo Palacio put the home side in front three minutes into the second half and although Manolo Gabbiadini equalised for Sampdoria, Mattia Bani scored a 78th-minute winner.Ciro Immobile scored a dramatic late winner as Lazio moved up to sixth place with a 2-1 win at Fiorentina in the late game.Joaquin Correa's 22nd-minute opener for the visitors was quickly cancelled out by Federico Chiesa but Immobile pounced in the 89th minute to give Lazio their first win in three games.
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Papers: Chelsea target Werner and WilsonTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsAnd we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.GermanyManchester United are interested in Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller and the German is prepared to leave the Bundesliga giants in January due to a lack of playing time this season. (Bild) United would face competition from Inter, however, in the race to sign Muller. The Italian club believe the German's current unhappiness and his contract expiring in the summer of 2021 make him an affordable option in January. (Kicker) Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has quashed speculation the Bundesliga side have spoken to Jose Mourinho in regard to replacing Lucien Favre. \"These rumours around Mourinho lack any substance,\" he said. (Sky Germany) SpainReal Madrid president Florentino Perez has made Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe the club's priority target and is prepared to pay up to &#163;260m to secure the signing of the French star. (AS)  Samuel Chukwueze has signed a new long-term contract with Villarreal which has seen his buyout clause rise from &#163;34.5m to &#163;86.5m. The 20-year-old was linked with a number of top European clubs after impressing last season. (AS) Barcelona are interested in Brazilian duo Everton and Rodrigo Caio. Gremio winger Everton was linked with a number of European clubs after he starred in Brazil's Copa America success while Caio has impressed at Flamengo since a January move. (Mundo Deportivo) Ivan Rakitic is set to leave Barcelona in the January transfer window and join Inter Milan with the two clubs expected to agree a fee in the region of &#163;33m for the midfielder. (El Desmarque)ItalyJack Rodwell will undergo a medical with Roma today ahead of signing a short-term contract with the Serie A side. The midfielder has been without a club since leaving Blackburn Rovers at the end of last season. (Sky Italia) Paris Saint-Germain have joined the growing list of clubs interested in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has scored 20 goals in 13 games this season and is wanted by Manchester United, Manchester City, Juventus, Barcelona and Real Madrid. (CalcioMercato)  Arturo Vidal is open to a move away from Barcelona in January and the 32-year-old midfielder would favour a switch to Inter Milan where he would reunite with former Juventus boss Antonio Conte. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Turkey Leicester are interested in Trabzonspor's Turkish midfielder Kerem Baykus but Swansea City, Lazio and Freiburg are also interested in the 19-year-old. (Fotospor) 
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160; SpainReal Madrid are prepared to make an offer of &#163;90m plus Gareth Bale for Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba if the France international improves his form during the remainder of the campaign. (El Desmarque)Dani Ceballos, Martin Odegaard, Takefusa Kubo, Sergio Reguilon and Hakim Achraf will all return to Real Madrid next summer when their respective loan deals end and the club will look to incorporate the quintet into their squad. (AS)Barcelona have intensified their interest in Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez and view the Argentine as the long-term replacement to Luis Suarez at the Camp Nou. (AS) With interest growing in Kylian Mbappe, Paris Saint-Germain will offer the striker a new contract to try to keep him at the club. The 20-year-old's current deal expires in 2022 but PSG are prepared to offer him an improved contract until 2024. (Mundo Deportivo) MLS star Carlos Vela has revealed he held talks with Barcelona in January over a loan move to the Camp Nou: \"It was really close. Who could say no to playing with Messi for four months and then returning to LA?\" (Marca) ItalyJuventus are prepared to spend big to land another star name next summer and could move for either Kylian Mbappe or Neymar if Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to sell. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Real Madrid could be forced to pay in excess of &#163;100m for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz as the Spaniard's contract does not contain a release clause. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Roma want to make Chris Smalling's loan move from Manchester United permanent and have started talks with the defender over extending his stay in Serie A. (Il Tempo)Liechtenstein international Marcel Buchel is on trial at Roma alongside former Sunderland midfielder Jack Rodwell. The club could sign both midfielders as they look to strengthen a squad that has been decimated by injuries. (Il Messaggero) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller has not held talks with either Manchester United or Inter Milan and, despite his lack of football this season, a January departure from the Bundesliga champions is unlikely. (Sky Germany) Bayern Munich are interested in Athletic Bilbao centre-back Unai Nunez. The 22-year-old, who has previously been linked with Arsenal and Everton, has a buyout clause in his contract worth around &#163;26m. (Spox) FranceHatem Ben Arfa has held talks with Ligue 1 strugglers Nimes as he searches for a new club. The 32-year-old is also being considered by second-tier side Le Harve. (France Bleu)
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; So with the transfer rumour mill never stopped, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.FranceLyon will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud in January if Moussa Dembele completes a move to Manchester United in the winter transfer window. (Soccer Link) Paris Saint-Germain president Nasser Al-Khelaifi wanted to appoint Andre Villas-Boas in 2013 but sporting director Leonardo opposed the decision and the club instead turned to Laurent Blanc. (L'Equipe)SpainReal Madrid are prepared to offer Isco and around &#163;20m in exchange for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz, who the Serie A club value in excess of &#163;100m and is also wanted by Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Alvaro Odriozola will be offloaded by Real Madrid and the club will look to sign AC Milan's Davide Calabria, RB Leipzig's Lukas Klostermann or Nice's Youcef Atal as an alternative to Dani Carvajal at right-back. (Mundo Deportivo) Sevilla will attempt to rival Manchester United and Napoli in the race to sign Mario Mandzukic from Juventus in January. The 33-year-old has been told he can leave Turin if a suitable offer is made. (Marca)  Real Madrid are increasingly confident they will be able to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer for a world-record fee of around &#163;260m. (AS) Inter Milan have held talks with Barcelona over potential deals for Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal. The La Liga champions are prepared to sell the Croatia midfielder in January for around &#163;30m. (AS) AC Milan are interested in Atletico Madrid full-back Santiago Arias and could make an &#163;18m offer for the Colombia international who has fallen behind Kieran Trippier at the Wanda Metropolitano. (AS)ItalyBrescia president Massimo Cellino has revealed the sides interested in wonderkid midfielder Sandro Tonali. He said: \"All the big Italian clubs, and abroad Atletico Madrid, PSG and Manchester City. But in my view, he'd be better off remaining with Brescia.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan technical director Paolo Maldini believes Zlatan Ibrahimovic may not return to Serie A due to fear. He explained: \"It would be a dream return for several reasons but I think within his mind there is a little fear that he won't be the dominant Ibra of old.\" (Sky Italia)  Napoli have denied reports they were offered the chance to sign Erling Haaland from Molde for just &#163;4.5m. The striker, now at Red Bull Salzburg, has scored 20 goals in 13 games this season and has been linked with a number of top European sides. (Various) Juventus will need to make at least &#163;4.5m from the sale of Mario Mandzukic in January to avoid the Croatian striker being written off as a loss in the club's accounts. (Corriere di Torino) GermanyBayern Munich sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic says it is \"out of the question\" Thomas Muller leaves the Bundesliga club in January. The Germany international has been linked with potential moves to Manchester United or Inter Milan. (Sport Bild)  
The rearranged El Clasico meeting between Barcelona and Real Madrid will be played on December 18, the Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) has confirmed. The original fixture, which was due to be played on October 26, was postponed last week due to the current risk of civil unrest and security fears in Catalonia.Tensions heightened in Barcelona after a decision to jail nine Catalan separatist leaders for between nine and 13 years for their role in an illegal referendum and subsequent failed independence bid.In a statement on Wednesday, the RFEF said: \"The decision of the Competition Committee has come after analysing in recent days the proposals of both clubs, who were invited to agree on a date and both eventually agreed to pick December 18 as the date for of the postponed match.\"At its meeting today, the Committee has also analysed the latest allegations from both clubs, which maintain the initial proposal to play the game on December 18.\"However, La Liga - who requested that the match be moved to Madrid's Bernabeu stadium - later revealed it was unhappy with the decision and now considering its options.\"LaLiga does not share the resolution of the Competition Committee to set 18 December - following the agreement reached by Barcelona and Real Madrid, despite LaLiga's refusal - as the date of the previously postponed Clasico,\" a statement read. \"It is studying the documentation recently received from the file referring to this procedure to assess the possible legal actions to be taken against the corresponding institutions and before the public bodies or jurisdictional bodies that it deems appropriate.\"Barcelona said in a statement: \"On Thursday the club informed the Spanish Football Federation's (RFEF) Competition Committee of its decision to say no to playing the game at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium, as proposed by the Spanish Football League (LFP).\"The club's desire was to play the Clasico at Camp Nou on the 26th, the date and time previously agreed and the Committee was informed of this in writing.\"The club has the utmost confidence in the civilised and pacifist attitude of its members and fans who always express themselves in exemplary fashion at Camp Nou.\"
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across the Premier League, Europe and beyond will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; At this traditionally difficult time to make big moves, the start of the new year looks set to be frantic for a host of top Premier League clubs.Transfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsTransfer Ins and Outs: What happened in the summer?Sky Sports provides you with all you need to know about the 2019/20 mid-season transfer window.When does the window open?The transfer merry-go-round swings back into action on January 1 as teams across the Premier League and Football League get the chance to buy, sell and loan players once again.It is the same across France, Germany and China but Italy and Spain have to wait until the following day.The window officially opens on January 3 in Portugal while the Russian Premier League have to wait until January 22.When does the January transfer window close? The closing date varies from year to year depending on whether the final day of the month falls on a weekend. Sky Sports has been told that the next Shareholders' meeting in mid-November will confirm precisely when the window closes.It is understood that it will be at 23:00 GMT on Friday January 31 for top-flight teams in England, France, Germany, Italy and Spain.Portuguese teams have until the end of the following day to complete signings while the window for clubs in the Russian Premier League shuts on February 21.The Chinese Premier League January transfer window close on February 27.Can deals be made after the deadline? Yes. As long as all the necessary paperwork is submitted before the deadline, transfers can be completed afterwards.At 9pm on deadline day, clubs can submit a \"deal sheet\" to let the relevant authority know an agreement has been reached.This means that clubs have until 1am to send over completed paperwork.What about emergency loans? At the start of the 2016/17 season, FIFA introduced new rules which scrapped the emergency loan window. But what if my club suffers a goalkeeping crisis?Free agents are allowed to join clubs outside of the window while there is dispensation should clubs suffer a spate of injuries to their goalkeepers.Where can you follow all the latest transfer news?As well as keeping an eye on Sky Sports News, you can make sure you don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There will also be the return of the Transfer Talk Podcast and some exciting new features coming your way...Follow all the latest developments here.
Kieran Trippier says team-mate Diego Costa is \"the funniest player\" he has ever played with, adding that the Spain international christened him \"Rooney\". The former Tottenham right-back, 29, swapped north London for the Metropolitano Stadium in the summer, signing for &#163;21.7m on a three-year-deal.The Three Lions defender and his team-mate Costa have played seven La Liga matches together so far this term, with the pair having struck up a positive relationship.Trippier reveals unrest behind Tottenham departureLa Liga applies for Miami game in December\"He calls me [Wayne] Rooney ten times a day, he does it all the time, just for a laugh,\" Trippier told MARCA.\"But it's Diego, I don't care. We all find it funny and I like that he always makes jokes.\"I knew him from the Premier League and he's the funniest player I've ever played with. \"There's a great atmosphere here and everyone makes jokes, but Costa is the funniest.\"Trippier has previously revealed he is settling in well to life in the Spanish capital thanks to his team-mates and believes the move has constituted a step up from his time at Spurs.\"People are welcoming to me and my family and when they see me in Madrid; they tell me that I'm doing well.\"We can only thank everyone for making me feel at home so quickly, for making my family smile and making life easier.\"
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. Papers: Abramovich turned down Chelsea offerTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsAnd we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.ItalyJuventus are prepared to battle Real Madrid next summer to clinch the signing of Paul Pogba from Manchester United. The French midfielder has informed the Premier League side he will not sign a new contract at Old Trafford. (Gazzetta dello Sport) West Ham and Wolves are interested in AC Milan winger Suso. The Spaniard would cost around &#163;35m and is also on the radars of Fiorentina and Sevilla. (CalcioMercato) Former Sunderland midfielder Jack Rodwell has been offered to Roma as the Serie A club search for a short-term signing to cover their mounting injuries. Former Watford midfielder Valon Behrami is also an option. (Corriere dello Sport)Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis would like to bring Zlatan Ibrahimovic to the Serie A club in January. \"He's a desire of mine rather than a suggestion, but it depends on him and not me,\" De Laurentiis said. (TV Luna)SpainManchester United, Tottenham and Atletico Madrid are all interested in Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Denis Zakaria. The 22-year-old would cost around &#163;35m. (AS)  Barcelona would have to pay &#163;173m to trigger the release clause in Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez's contract. It was previously claimed the Argentine could leave the Serie A giants for around &#163;95m. (Mundo Deportivo) Gus Poyet is the frontrunner to take charge at Leganes, who sit bottom of the La Liga table after nine matches. (Cadena Cope)GermanySchalke goalkeeper Alexander Nubel has turned down offers from Manchester United, Atletico Madrid, Roma and Paris Saint-Germain and is set to join Bayern Munich when his contract expires next summer. (Sport Bild)  Milan Skriniar would be open to a move to a move to Bayern Munich or Borussia Dortmund, but only if he lost his place in the Inter Milan side.He said: \"I would always think if I received an offer [from Bayern or Dortmund] but it would depend more on my situation at Inter. If I were on the bench, it would be hard to say no.\" (Ruhr Nachrichten) FranceParis Saint-Germain are interested in Chelsea right-back Tariq Lamptey and have scouted the 19-year-old throughout the Premier League club's UEFA Youth League campaign. Lamptey is out of contract next summer. (Soccer Link)

The Champions League takes centre-stage this midweek, but there's still a healthy dose of transfer news filling the back pages across Europe. Paper Talk: Mandzukic slashes Man Utd wage demandsTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainReal Madrid are planning a sensational January swoop for Bayern Munich goal machine Robert Lewandowski. The Poland forward has long been linked with a switch to the Santiago Bernabeu and would be the marquee signing Real are desperate for. Los Blancos could sell Mariano Diaz and Brahim Diaz to fund a move for the 31-year-old. (OK Diario)Tottenham have shown an interest in Barcelona's homegrown midfielder Carles Alena, 21. (Mundo Deportivo)And Alena is one of three midfielders Barca are looking to offload in January along with Ivan Rakitic, long linked with Manchester United, and Riqui Puig. (Sport)Real Madrid will hold out for a fee of &#163;30m from Arsenal in order to make Dani Ceballos' loan move into a permanent one. (El Desmarque)Barcelona have denied a &#8364;15m (&#163;13m) payment made to Atletico Madrid was by way of compensation for their approach of Antoine Griezmann. Instead, the Catalans say it was to secure first refusal on five Atleti players. (Sport)Real Madrid have identified Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Unai Simon as a potential successor to Thibaut Courtois. The 22-year-old has impressed Los Blancos, who would have to meet his &#8364;50m (&#163;43m) release clause. (El Desmarque)ItalyManchester City sent a scout to watch Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali on Tuesday. The 19-year-old Italy international midfielder has been likened to Azzurri great Andrea Pirlo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan are eyeing up young Bayern Munich defender Lars Lukas Mai, 19, ahead of his contract expiring next summer. (Calciomercato)Juventus remain interested in Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante, who played under current Bianconeri boss Maurizio Sarri last season. The Premier League side would demand &#163;100m to part with the Frenchman. (Calciomercato) GermanyFormer Liverpool midfielder Dietmar Hamann says he's heard the Reds hold an interest in Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho. (Sky in Germany) Bayern Munich CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge insists the Bavarians will not rush to decide whether or not to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent. \"We will decide when the moment arrives,\" Rummenigge said. \"He doesn't have the attitude of a star. He's a friendly person, popular around the club and we're really happy with the deal we managed to close.\" (Kicker)Jose Mourinho is a candidate to succeed Lucien Favre at Borussia Dortmund, if the under-pressure Swiss tactician is removed from his position. (BILD)Bayern president Uli Hoeness says Bayern will not sign another centre-back in January following Niklas Sule's season-ending ACL injury. (Sport-BILD)Bayern's problems are stacking up with French defender Lucas Hernandez injuring ankle ligaments in Tuesday's 3-2 Champions League win over Olympiacos. Afterwards, sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic confirmed the defender would be out for 'several weeks'. Bayern are unimpressed after the French Football Federation allowed Hernandez to play during the international break. (Sport1)FranceParis Saint-Germain's on-loan striker Mauro Icardi is in no rush to decide his future. The Argentine is surplus to requirements at parent club Internazionale and PSG hold the option to make the switch permanent. \"I am very happy to be in Paris, we will see what will happen at the end of the season,\" Icardi said. (Le10Sport) Kylian Mbappe scored a 22-minute hat-trick after coming off the bench against Club Brugge in the Champions League on Tuesday and afterwards admitted he was not happy at starting on the bench. \"It's true that I wanted to start, I thought I was going to start,\" Mbappe explained. \"The coach has chosen and you have to accept. I wanted to go home and show that it's hard to do without me.\" (RMC Sport)
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. SpainBarcelona have paid rivals Atletico Madrid an extra 15m euros to end their dispute over how the La Liga leaders went about signing Antoine Griezmann. (El Mundo)Real Madrid will shelve plans to sign Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen when the winter transfer window opens unless they're able to part with a host of fringe players. Mariano Diaz and Isco are two names reportedly close to the exit door at the Santiago Bernabeu. (AS)Furthermore, it is believed Los Blancos will attempt to include both Diaz and Isco in any potential deal to bring Eriksen to the Spanish capital. (El Desmarque)Zinedine Zidane wants to stay at Real Madrid forever. The underfire Frenchman, who saw his side humbled by Mallorca over the weekend as they lost top spot, believes he is the right man for now and for the future. (Marca)Tottenham are in talks with Barcelona over the possible signing of Carles Alena on loan. The midfielder has dropped down the pecking order since the arrival of Frenkie de Jong and is eager to get first-team minutes under his belt. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyBayern Munich have lined up Barcelona centre-back Samuel Umtiti with the German champions looking to improve their backline and bring in cover for the injured Nicolas Sule. (Tuttosport)Tottenham are weighing up a move to sign Adrien Rabiot. The French midfielder hasn't managed to force his way into Maurizio Sarri's plans at Juventus following a summer move from Paris Saint-Germain. Spurs are looking for midfield reinforcements with the team struggling this season. (Calciomercato)Summer signing Valentino Lazaro hasn't made the impression he wanted to at Inter. The former Hertha Berlin wing-back had a forgettable 20-minute cameo during the 4-3 win over Sassuolo and Antonio Conte is already eyeing up a replacement in Parma's Matteo Darmian. (Calciomercato)Italy manager Roberto Mancini could add experience to his next Azzurri squad. Gigi Buffon and Daniele De Rossi have both impressed this season for Juventus and Boca Juniors respectively and could get the nod, despite having an average age of close to 39. (Rai Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are keeping a close eye on Kai Havertz's situation with Bayer Leverkusen. The German international has been linked with a &#8364;100million move to Bayern but no deal is in place and he's still up for grabs. Manager Thomas Tuchel is keen to work with his compatriot. (Le10Sport)GermanyBayern aren't going to delve into the transfer market in January to replace Sule. Instead, Niko Kovac is going to put his trust in Jerome Boateng. The Germany international nearly left the club in the summer but the champions instead decided to part with Mats Hummels. (SportBild)
La Liga's bottom club Leganes have parted company with coach Mauricio Pellegrino. Leganes, who were beaten 2-0 at local rivals Getafe on Saturday, are two points adrift at the foot of the table with two points after nine games. They are the only team in the league yet to win a game this season.\"Leganes and Mauricio Pellegrino have decided mutually to go their separate ways,\" read a club statement.\"The Argentine coach, who last year led the team to secure its status in the top flight, will not be in charge of the team for next week's game against Mallorca.\"Reserve-team coach Luis Cembranos and his assistant Carlos Martinez will take charge of the team for the next few training sessions.\"Pellegrino was previously the manager of Southampton. He joined the Saints in June 2017 on a three-year contract but was sacked the following March following a run of just one win in 17 matches.He has also managed Valencia and Alaves.
Real Madrid's unbeaten league start was ended as they were stunned 1-0 by promoted Real Mallorca. Barcelona's 3-0 win at Eibar earlier in the day had relegated Real to second place, and Zinedine Zidane's side failed to reclaim top spot as Lago Junior's seventh-minute strike proved decisive.La Liga tableTrio score as Barca winReal's misery was completed 17 minutes from time when right-back Alvaro Odriozola was sent off for a second bookable offence.Odriozola had been walking a tightrope from the 19th minute, and he slipped off it when he foolishly challenged Lago Junior and left Real one man short.Mallorca had to defend for long periods, especially in the second half as a white-shirted wave came towards them, but Real lacked a cutting edge and rarely tested home goalkeeper Manolo Reina.It was Mallorca's best win since their promotion from the Segunda Division and moved them out of the relegation spots and into 14th place.Real were without injured trio Gareth Bale, Luka Modric and Toni Kroos, and summer signing Eden Hazard was also missing after his wife had given birth.So Luka Jovic made his first league start in nearly a month to join Karim Benzema in attack. Isco tested Mallorca goalkeeper Reina with an early effort but Real were soon behind.Odriozola allowed Lago Junior to cut inside him onto his right foot and curl a splendid shot past Thibaut Courtois - his first La Liga goal coming two seasons after he was playing in the third tier for Malaga.Mallorca thought they had doubled their lead after 14 minutes when Ante Budimir drove home but the assistant referee had correctly flagged for offside. Real dominated as the half wore on with Benzema striking the crossbar from close range and Reina holding Marcelo's powerful 20-yard shot.Mallorca sent on full-back Lumor Agbenyenu for the second half and he tried his luck from distance within 30 seconds, his rising shot just clearing Courtois' crossbar.But the pattern of the first half was soon re-established as Real set up camp in Mallorca territory.Reina held Benzema's deflected strike and Sergio Ramos sent a 25-yard free-kick over the bar.However, Real often lacked composure around the edge of the penalty area as Mallorca got bodies around the ball.Real were still struggling to create clear-cut chances when Odriozola dived in to stop Lago Junior to receive his second yellow card.Reina had to collect Eder Militao's header when James Rodriguez floated a free kick into a crowded penalty area.But, in truth, Mallorca saw out the closing stages in comfort and well worth their unlikely victory.Elsewhere in La LigaAtletico Madrid remain fourth, three points behind Barcelona and one adrift of surprise package Granada after drawing 1-1 at home against Valencia.Diego Costa's first-half penalty, after the video assistant referee adjudged Valencia midfielder Denis Cheryshev to have handled, was cancelled out by Daniel Parejo's brilliant late free kick.Valencia's South Korea midfielder Lee Kang-in was sent off in stoppage time after his yellow card, for his challenge on Carlos Soler, was upgraded to a red by VAR.Getafe registered their third straight win in all competitions thanks to forward Angel Rodriguez's second-half double in a 2-0 home victory against Leganes.


The focus returns to club football this weekend after the international break and the back pages are chock full of transfer news and more to reflect that. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!FranceParis Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani has rejected an approach from David Beckham's new Major League Soccer franchise Inter Miami after reports he would become one of the former England captain's first big-name signings. (L'Equipe)One club who are still in the hunt for the 32-year-old Uruguayan are Atletico Madrid. They would like to sign PSG's all-time leading scorer on a free transfer when his contract expires. Manchester United, Inter, Juventus and former side Napoli are also on alert. (L'Equipe)Paris Saint-Germain have joined Barcelona, Real Madrid and a host of Premier League clubs in the race to sign Bayer Leverkusen's highly-rated German international Kai Havertz. (Le10Sport)Leeds United have joined Ligue 1 sides Lille and Marseille in the race to sign Al-Sadd's Algerian forward Baghdad Bounedjah. (Le Buteur)SpainLionel Messi has clarified his comments about not wanting a contract for life at Barcelona. It recently emerged the Argentine's deal allows him to leave for free at the end of each season.But the club captain says he has no intention of departing the Nou Camp. \"What I said was that I don't want a contract that binds me,\" Messi said. \"I don't want to be here if I'm not happy. I want to compete, perform and keep fighting for targets, not being here simply due to my contract.\" (Marca)Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has quashed talk he will sell Spanish midfielder Fabian Ruiz to one of La Liga's big two. \"Fabian Ruiz? Leave? As someone wrote, why should I sell him for &#8364;60m if they had offered me &#8364;180m?\" (AS)Teenage talent Pedri has revealed he could have joined Real Madrid before signing for Barcelona. The Las Palmas midfielder, 16, will join the Catalans in the summer and said: \"I had no luck [at Madrid]. I arrived the first day and I could not train for a snowfall, it was a brutal cold.\" (Sport)Italy Inter are concerned Manchester United will thwart their attempts to sign Nemanja Matic by triggering a one-year contract extension in the Serbian midfielder's contract. That would prevent the Nerazzurri agreeing a pre-contract with the 31-year-old in January. (Corriere dello Sport)Inter boss Antonio Conte is desperate to sign a midfielder in January and has made Barcelona's Ivan Rakitic and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic of Lazio his two primary targets. (Calciomercato)Chelsea are interested in Chievo Verona's 19-year-old midfielder Emanuel Vignato. The Italian Under-20 international is also being tracked by Bayern Munich, Milan and Internazionale. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli forward Dries Mertens is hopeful of extending his contract with the Neapolitans but has been linked with moves to China and Borussia Dortmund. His deal expires next summer. (Sky in Italy)Napoli coach Carlo Ancelotti is keeping an eye on Fiorentina midfielder Gaetano Castrovilli. The 22-year-old has spent the last two seasons out on loan with Serie B side Cremonese and has starred for La Viola since the start of the season. (Calciomercato)Bundesliga rivals Borussia Dortmund and Schalke will go head-to-head for Atalanta's German full-back Robin Gosens. (Calciomercato)Germany Bayer Leverkusen are interested in bringing Real Madrid forward Lucas Vazquez to the Bundesliga. He's previously been linked with Arsenal and Milan. (Sport Bild)Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus says Tottenham Hotspur playmaker Christian Eriksen is not of the requisite level to play for his former club. \"For me he is not a player who helps the Bayern. If he's not good enough for Tottenham, he's not good enough for Bayern.\" (Sport1)TurkeyManchester United made an approach for Juventus' Turkish defender Merih Demiral this summer before deciding to sign Harry Maguire from Leicester City in a world-record deal for a defender. (Sporx)

Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer insists he does not \"have any problem\" with Paul Pogba being pictured on a beach with Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane in the UAE. Pogba, who has been recovering from injury in the Middle East, was spotted chatting to Zidane in Dubai this week - fuelling speculation about his future at Old Trafford.Asked about the image, Solskjaer said: \"Here we go with the picture! I've not heard Paul Pogba say he doesn't want to be here. Paul wants to stay here and play well.\"However, one journalist was quick to point out Pogba said \"it could be time for a new challenge\" in the summer while his agent, Mino Raiola, confirmed that he wanted to leave United.Zidane was keen to bring Pogba to the Bernabeu in the summer - and is reportedly still set on getting the France international - but Solskjaer says the midfielder plays a key role in his United vision. \"Paul is part of our plan going forward,\" added Solskjaer.\"He has been playing through the pain barrier. He has been criticised left, right and centre, but when he came back against Rochdale and Arsenal he could've easily not played.\"He wanted to play, he wanted to try to get back and it was too painful. He's had a scan, he's on the way back and he's been on a few days off, working but he is away from here.\"Then there is a picture and being at Manchester United you do get pictures and speculation - but I don't have any problem with that at all.\"Zidane: Pogba meeting 'pure coincidence' - but privateZidane also fielded questions about the picture ahead of Real's trip to Mallorca on Saturday in La Liga. \"Pure coincidence,\" said Zidane of the meeting with Pogba.\"He was there and I was there at the event and, since we know each other, we talked. That's all. And it was personal,\"I'm not going to tell you what we talked about, that's between him and I. But we've known each other for a long time, so if we meet, we say hi and we talk.\"De Gea injury 'not as bad as feared'David de Gea, the United goalkeeper, was injured in Spain's European Qualifier against Sweden on Tuesday. He will miss United's match against rivals Liverpool on Sunday, live on Sky Sports Premier League, but Solskjaer provided a positive update on the fitness of his No 1.\"I don't expect him to play, but it was not as bad as feared,\" said Solskjaer.\"When I first saw the injury I thought, 'That's him out until the next international break' because we've had some long-term muscle injuries. But it's not as bad as feared.\"'Woodward and I have a plan'United let go of Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez in the summer - both going to Inter Milan, the latter on loan - but failed to replace the striking duo.In their absence, United have scored five goals in their last seven league games. The poor run of form has left United two points above the relegation zone eight games into the campaign. Ed Woodward, the United executive vice-chairman, has been the primary target for criticism regarding the running of the club with fans calling for him to be relieved of his duties.But Woodward has hit back, addressing the \"myth that we have non-football people making football decisions and says \"it's insulting to the brilliant people who work on the football side in this club\".Asked if it helps to hear he has Woodward's backing, Solskjaer said: \"I speak to Ed regularly. As I've said many times, we do have a plan.\"And we've made some decisions that maybe in the short term would harm us but we know in the long term will benefit us and that's part of the plan.\"The results are always the main thing, we can move forward quicker if we get results and performances. But I'm sure that we will get there.\"It's still planning - next transfer window, summer transfer window - and how we see the team moving forward.\"
Spanish clubs Atletico Madrid and Villarreal have joined with La Liga to seek permission to play a league match in Miami in December. The clubs and La Liga have applied to the Spanish federation (RFEF) to play the December 6 fixture at the Hard Rock Stadium in the US city, with a local kick-off time of 4pm - 10pm Spanish time.La Liga asks for El Clasico to be movedThe federation refused permission in September last year when Barcelona and Girona tried to move a league fixture, due to be played in January 2019, to the US. FIFA president Gianni Infantino also came out in opposition to the move.The RFEF cited the impact on the integrity of the league competition, the effect on season ticket holders, and also on broadcast rights holders when it rejected the earlier application.Speaking in regard to the new approach, Atletico chief executive Miguel Angel Gil said: \"Atletico works every season to expand and improve our brand across all continents and this match in the United States will allow us to keep working on this.\"Furthermore, we will be able to bring Spanish football closer to fans who live outside of our country. It will be a great occasion that marks the future.\"The landscape has shifted since last year, with the federation reported to be discussing playing the Spanish Super Cup in Saudi Arabia.The 2018 final was played in Morocco, while the Spanish federation also approved playing the rescheduled final of South America's premier club competition, the Copa Libertadores, in Madrid last year when a neutral venue was required after an attack on the Boca Juniors team bus by River Plate supporters forced it to be postponed.Moving the game would need sign-off from the Spanish federation, UEFA, the North and Central American confederation CONCACAF and US Soccer.
La Liga have requested to the Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) that this month's El Clasico meeting between Barcelona and Real Madrid be moved to Madrid amid growing protests and political tensions in Catalonia. On Monday, nine Catalan separatist leaders were jailed for between nine and 13 years for their role in an illegal referendum and subsequent failed independence bid, sparking protests and clashes across the region.Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia. The match is due to take place on Saturday October 26 at the city's Nou Camp stadium.But the Spanish football league is seeking to reverse the fixture due to ongoing trouble throughout the autonomous region. The second meeting of the season is due to take place in Madrid in March next year.\"We have requested the competitions committee of the RFEF to meet and change the location of El Clasico to Madrid because of exceptional circumstances beyond our control,\" a La Liga spokesman said.The announcement of the jail terms triggered mass protests across the region, with chaos at Barcelonas El Prat airport leading to the cancellation of dozens of flights as well as clashes between police and protesters.Local media reported that 51 arrests were made while 125 people had been treated for injuries.On Monday, Barca released a statement titled prison is not the solution condemning the sentences, while Manchester City's Spanish coach, Pep Guardiola, also spoke out against the jail terms in a video that was released on social media by the group Tsunami Democratic.Protests continued throughout Wednesday, with the country's high-speed rail network suffering delays, while motorways throughout Catalonia and many of Barcelona's main thoroughfares remain closed.
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. FranceTo keep him in the French capital, Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe an improved, blockbuster contract. This new deal would see his stay in Ligue 1 extended until 2024 and his net salary rise to &#8364;50m per annum. (Le10Sport)Juventus are prepared to part with Adrien Rabiot despite only signing the French midfielder in the summer. Manager Maurizio Sarri wants Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen, and the Serie A leaders could offer Rabiot to Spurs in exchange for the Denmark international. (Le 10 Sport)SpainReal Madrid know Luka Modric isn't going to play forever and have already drawn up a list of potential replacements. Sitting atop that wishlist is Napoli playmaker Fabian Ruiz. The 23-year-old has impressed in Italy since his &#8364;30m move from Real Betis and he's also being watched by Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal. (AS)Giuseppe Rossi has returned to Villarreal to train with the squad as he looks to improve his fitness ahead of a potential January move. The former Yellow Submarine star is a free agent after leaving Genoa in 2018 and wants a return to football. (AS)ItalyAC Milan are considering a January move for Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny. The 27-year-old is currently on loan at Besiktas but the Serie A side could move to land the Egypt international when the window reopens in an attempt to solidify their midfield. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Inter are in the market for a midfielder and a back-up forward in January. After failing to land Edin Dzeko, Antonio Conte is plotting a raid on his former club Chelsea to bring Olivier Giroud to San Siro. The French forward has recently revealed he is frustrated by his lack of playing time at Stamford Bridge. (Calciomercato)Edinson Cavani has offered himself to Juventus. The Uruguayan international's contract expires at the end of the season and despite being in talks with Paris Saint-Germain for some time, a new deal has yet to be agreed upon. The 32-year-old is open to a return to Italy and has reached out to those in Turin. (Calciomercato)
FC Barcelona have condemned the<a href='https://news.sky.com/story/catalan-leader-jailed-for-13-years-over-independence-referendum-11835480' target='_blank'> jail sentences given to leaders of Catalan separatist leaders</a> for their roles in a banned 2017 independence referendum. Spain's supreme court sentenced Catalonia's former deputy leader to 13 years in prison on Monday. Another eight separatist leaders, out of 12 on trial, were also found guilty of sedition and have been jailed for between nine and 13 years.Catalonia independence leaders jailed over illegal vote\"Prison is not the solution,\" said a Barcelona statement released on Monday.The club played a La Liga match against Las Palmas behind closed doors at the Nou Camp due to protests in the city over the independence poll, which was declared illegal by the Spanish government.During the game, the scoreboard carried a picture of a ballot box and the word 'democracy' on it.The club said it was wrong \"to prevent citizens exercising their democratic right to free expression\".Gerard Pique, who plays for Barcelona and Spain, was among those who voted in the poll.On Monday he said was \"proud\" to be part of the club after the statement which called for the conflict in Catalonia to be resolved \"exclusively from political dialogue\".\"In the same way that the preventative prison sentence didn't help to resolve the conflict, neither will the prison sentence given today, because prison is not the solution,\" the statement said.\"Now more than ever the club asks all political leaders to lead a process of dialogue and negotiation to resolve this conflict, which should also allow for the release of convicted civic and political leaders.\"FC Barcelona also expresses all of its support and solidarity to the families of those who are deprived of their freedom.\" Espanyol, Girona call for solutions to 'social crisis'La Liga side Espanyol, also based in Barcelona, stated their \"respect for judicial decisions\" but also called for public authorities \"to seek political and democratic solutions\" to a \"social crisis\".Girona, who play in Barcelona and compete in the Spanish second division, rejected the ruling from the Spanish Supreme Court and reaffirmed their position as \"a defender of freedom of expression and in favour of the right to decide\".The club said they were \"committed to opening a process of dialogue and negotiation between all parties, without limits or conditions\". The Catalan Football Federation said it would terminate all federal activity, \"in solidarity with condemned Catalan politicians and social actors and their families\".Soon after Monday's ruling hundreds of students and civil servants began protesting in the Catalan capital of Barcelona.Protesters blocked roads, while civil servants gathered outside some government buildings and protests were reported in other towns across the wealthy northeastern region.
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. GermanyBayern Munich are preparing to battle it out with Real Madrid for the signature of Christian Eriksen. The Spurs playmaker's current deal expires in June and he's free to sign a pre-contract agreement in January. The Bavarian giants see the Denmark international as a cheaper alternative to on-loan Philippe Coutinho and the belief is he would be open to moving to Germany. (Sport 1)Bayern's CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes wantaway forward Thomas Muller will stay beyond the January transfer window, despite the fact the versatile attacker is unhappy about his lack of playing time recently. Rummenigge said Bayern \"do not fear a departure of the 30-year-old in winter.\" (SportBild)SpainBarcelona are already plotting their next big-money move. After failing to land Neymar during the summer transfer window, the recruitment team at Camp Nou are returning to the drawing board. Despite his impressive performances for Liverpool, Roberto Firmino isn't a preferred option. Instead, it's Kylian Mbappe and Harry Kane who top the list of dream signings for the club. (Mundo Deportivo)Manchester United are exploring the possibility of signing Ivan Rakitic when the transfer window reopens in January. Barcelona are open to the idea of letting the 31-year-old Croatia international leave. (Sport)Adding a right-back to their squad is a priority for the reigning La Liga champions. Ernesto Valverde is a fan of the incumbent Nelson Semedo but, beyond him, Barca lack genuine depth in that area with the former Athletic Bilbao coach believing Sergi Roberto is a midfielder. (Marca)Italy The agent of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has not ruled out the 27-year-old Italy international returning to Serie A in the near future. Despite carving out a role for himself in Frank Lampard's XI, the former Napoli man wouldn't be against returning to the Italian league if an opportunity presented itself. (Radio Sportiva)Inter are plotting for life without Samir Handanovic between the sticks. The 35-year-old is still impressive in goal at San Siro but, sooner rather than later, he'll need to be replaced. Udinese's Juan Musso is the favourite but Atalanta's Pierluigi Gollini is also being looked at. (Calciomercato)France France manager Didier Deschamps has revealed Karim Benzema won't be returning to the national team squad, despite his impressive performances for Real Madrid this season. \"It's a sporting decision, I simply think that his selection would not be good for the national team. Thinking about things in terms of what's best for the French national team and what the shirt represents, that's it. I'm not saying it would be bad but just that it's an option I'm not looking at.\" (Le10Sport)Unhappy about his lack of playing time, Chelsea forward Olivier Giroud has refused to criticise manager Frank Lampard. The France international \"cannot accept\" his lack of playing time but is determined to fight for his place in the starting XI. (Le Pelerin)PortugalTottenham Hotspur are set to renew their interest in Sporting Lisbon's Bruno Fernandes when the transfer window reopens in January. The 25-year-old was a summer transfer target for the beaten Champions League finalists while Manchester United also held an interest in the prolific midfielder. (A Bola)
International football takes centre stage this week but across Europe clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.&#160; Our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkPortugalTottenham will renew their efforts to sign Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes in January. The 25-year-old Portugal international was heavily linked with the North Londoners during the summer. (A Bola)SpainReal Madrid president Florentino Perez still dreams of signing Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. Perez does not expect the French World Cup winner to extend his contract - which currently runs until 2022 - and that would enable Real to pounce. (OK Diario)Barcelona are ready to sell midfielder Ivan Rakitic this summer after he fell out of favour at the Camp Nou. Barca rejected an offer from Juventus in the summer but would be willing to reconsider any proposals in January. (AS)Fellow Croatian Luka Modric could be on the move too. Real Madrid are prepared to sell the 34-year-old to the right opponent and PSG are interested in offering Modric one last big contract. (Diario Gol)On-loan Wolverhampton Wanderers defender Jesus Vallejo says Real Madrid suggested moving to England on a temporary basis having previously played in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Frankfurt. \"I talked to Jony and Adama (Traore) and Real Madrid strongly recommended me to come here,\" the 22-year-old explained. (AS)Gareth Bale has reassured Real Madrid he is fine despite picking up a knee injury in Wales' 1-1 draw against Slovakia on Thursday. The 30-year-old is expected to be fit to face team-mate Modric in another European Championships qualifier against Croatia on Sunday. (AS)Spain head coach Roberto Moreno says Barcelona's 16-year-old prodigy Ansu Fati could be part of his squad for next summer's European Championships. \"I'm not ruling out the fact that he could play at Euro 2020. It would be foolish to say that he will not go,\" Moreno admitted. (Marca) ItalyArsenal have opened talks with star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang over a new contract at the Emirates Stadium. The 30-year-old's current deal runs until 2023 but the Gunners are keen to tie the Gabonese down for longer. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Juventus will offer midfielder Miralem Pjanic a new deal in a bid to ward off interested clubs. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City and Manchester United are all reportedly monitoring the 29-year-old. (Calciomercato)Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain head the queue for out-of-favour Juventus midfielder Emre Can. The 25-year-old was left out of the Juve's Champions League squad in the summer and it was believed he wanted to leave Turin as a result. (Calciomercato) Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are keeping tabs on Napoli midfielder Elif Elmas. The 20-year-old moved from Fenerbahce to Naples this summer and has impressed in seven outings for the Partenopei. (Calciomercato)Milan will up their interest in RB Leipzig defender Dayot Upamecano next summer. The powerful French defender was linked with Arsenal in the summer, but the Gunners could not match RBL's asking price. (Calciomercato)Former Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco - another one-time Arsenal target - says he misses Europe 'every day' after leaving Atletico Madrid for Chinese Super League outfit Dalian Yifang in 2018 and would like to return. Milan and Inter are interested. (Calciomercato) GermanyBayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge insists he has no issue with Thomas Muller's unhappiness at a lack of game time and says the German's relationship with the club is fine. \"If Thomas sat contentedly on the bench, he would be in the wrong club,\" Rummenigge said. \"The relationship between Thomas and Bayern is totally intact.\" (Kicker)FranceThe French Football Association are preparing to offer current Les Bleus head coach Didier Deschamps a new contract. The 50-year-old is expected to sign a two-year extension which will take him through to the end of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. (L'Equipe)Guingamp manager Jocelyn Gourvennec is a surprise candidate for the vacant manager's role at Lyon. OL sacked Sylvinho this week after a poor start to the season. Laurent Blanc and Rudi Garcia had been the frontrunners until now. (Le Parisien)Former Monaco and France winger Ludovic Giuly says it is his 'dream' to coach Les Monegasques. The 43-year-old said: \"The dream is to learn here and to go through all the stages and train AS Monaco. Of course it's my dream. It may not be the owner's and I respect because there is someone in place and I do not have the ability to do it yet.\" (Le10Sport)
International football takes centre stage this week but across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.&#160; Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from the continent...Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkSpainReal Madrid are interested in Red Bull Salzburg attacker Erling Haaland, who has stolen the headlines this season with an incredible 18 goals in just 11 games for the Austrian side. Manchester United are also keen on the Leeds-born forward. (AS)Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has revealed Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is the coach he admires most. \"Jurgen Klopp, no doubt. He suffered defeats, but he also won titles - all with the same style. He's very close to his players.\" (Cadena Ser)Simeone also admitted the loss of Lucas Hernandez to Bayern Munich this summer was the exit which hurt him the most, despite seeing Antoine Griezmann, Diego Godin and Juanfran depart the Wanda Metropolitano too. \"Every situation is different. What has hurt us the most is Lucas, because he was ours, from the quarry, like Saul or Koke. Thomas, it's extraordinary because we've been working with him for five years. Lucas was coming that way.\" (AS)Real Madrid will make an attempt to sign out-of-contract Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen in January before his deal expires next summer. (Marca)ItalySerie A strugglers AC Milan are considering moves for Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny and Chelsea outcast Baba Rahman in January. Elneny is on loan at Besiktas, while Rahman is with Mallorca. (Calciomercato)Former Leicester City, Fulham and Chelsea boss Claudio Ranieri will become the new manager of Sampdoria. The 2016 Premier League winner will earn &#163;2m per year and his deal will automatically renew if he keeps the Genoese side up. (Calciomercato)Lazio are targeting Hellas Verona midfielder Sofyan Amrabat in January. The 25-year-old Algeria international is on loan from Club Brugge and Hellas have a permanent option on him. (Sport Mediaset)Real Madrid midfielder Isco will leave the Bernabeu this summer, tired at a lack of first-team opportunities. He has made just three La Liga appearances this season totalling 104 minutes. (Calciomercato) Paris Saint-Germain will look to capitalise on the fact talks between Napoli and their Polish midfielder Piotr Zielinski have stalled with an offer in January. (Calciomercato)Chelsea are keen on PSV Eindhoven's highly-rated Netherlands international Mohamed Ihattaren. The Blues, however, cannot sign anyone until next summer owing to their registration ban. (Calciomercato)FranceNeymar's hopes of re-joining Barcelona are no close to being realised. The Brazilian had told Barca he would withdraw his legal case against them over an unpaid bonus if the Catalans agreed they would re-sign him, but Barca remain reluctant to commit to the 27-year-old at this stage. (Le10Sport) Juventus could include Adrien Rabiot as a makeweight in their attempts to sign Eriksen from Tottenham. The French midfielder has featured sparingly under Maurizio Sarri after leaving PSG for Turin in the summer. (Le10Sport)GermanyBayern Munich have made enquiries about Tottenham's wantaway midfielder Eriksen. The Dane can strike a pre-contract agreement with foreign clubs in January. (Sport1)Norwich City are interested in signing striker Kwasi Okyere Wriedt from Bayern Munich in January. The 25-year-old Ghanaian international has featured just twice at first-team level since joining in 2017 but has been prolific for Die Bayern's second string. (Bild)
Gareth Bale has admitted to playing with \"anger\" after Zinedine Zidane attempted to force him out of Real Madrid in the summer, but the Wales forward insists he will not let it distract him when playing for club or country. The 30-year-old had been told he could leave the Spanish giants after falling out of favour under Zidane, but he has since forced his way back into the Frenchman's plans after a move to Chinese club Jiangsu Suning fell through.Bale is expected to feature for Wales in their European Qualifier against Slovakia on Thursday, live on Sky Sports, and said he is not unsettled about his future.He said: \"You play with a lot of emotion. Anger comes into it of course, but I haven't got anything to clear my mind about.\"I try and give my best whether here [with Wales] or in Madrid and I will continue to do that.\"Wales boss Ryan Giggs believes Bale's return to the Real Madrid starting XI can help the national side in their European qualification bid. \"I think now, looking from the outside, things have improved,\" Giggs said.\"The way that he's playing - which is all that footballers want to do, they want to play, they want to get minutes, they want to do well - I've always said he's at a fantastic club.\"Of course, it would have unsettled him because it was apparently very close for him going.\"But things might have changed. Things do change quite quickly in football and now he's playing, he's loved, he's happy, and I expect him to carry on doing what he's doing for Real Madrid. \"If Gareth Bale is at your club and he's training well and he gets the chance to play, he's always going to keep you interested because he can turn a game on its head, he can score goals and he's such an asset.\"So I'm not surprised in that respect. I was surprised with what happened in the summer - I think everyone from the outside thought it was a bit strange, but it seems like everything has gone a bit quiet now.\"I think that's all you ask for - for players to be in good form for their clubs and then take it into the international arena.\" Bale's summer feud with ZidaneJonathan Barnett, Bale's agent, was angered by Zidane's comments in the summer, calling him a \"disgrace\" and questioning how he could show such little respect for a player \"that has done so much for Real Madrid\".Zidane hit back, however, insisting he has \"never disrespected anybody - certainly not a player\" and claimed Bale did not feature against Bayern because he refused to play.Bale also admitted he was not \"playing happy\" for Madrid at the start of the season. The winger told Sky Sports News: \"I wouldn't say I'm playing happy but I'm playing, when I am playing I am professional and I am always giving all I can, whether that be for club or country.\"I'm sure there'll be plenty more turbulence, to be honest. I suppose it is something you will have to speak to Real Madrid about and it's between me and them, and we will have to come to some sort of conclusion.\"
International football takes centre stage this week but, across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round-up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid are prepared to pay &#163;25m for Christian Eriksen in January rather than risk the midfielder signing a new contract with Tottenham during the second half of the season. (Marca) Erling Haaland's list of suitors continues to swell with Real Madrid interested in the Red Bull Salzburg striker. The 19-year-old has scored 18 goals in 11 games this term and has been linked with Juventus, Manchester United, Liverpool and several other top sides. (AS) Ivan Rakitic admits he could leave Barcelona in January after losing his place in the starting XI. \"I want the best for Barcelona and I want to fight to make sure I'm ready when the team needs me. But if I see that things don't change, I'll talk to the club.\" (AS) Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz is being monitored by Barcelona and Real Madrid but neither is prepared to pay &#163;70m for the Germany international. (Mundo Deportivo) Germany Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke offered Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp the chance to return to the German club in the summer of 2018. \"I knew Jurgen would [decline] - he will fulfil his contract in Liverpool. But I would not have forgiven myself for not asking him at that moment.\" (Bild)Emre Can is unhappy at Juventus due to his lack of first-team football this season and the club's decision to omit him from their Champions League squad. \"I'm not happy right now,\" he said. \"I haven't had a chance this season but I hope that when I return that will change.\" (Bild)ItalySampdoria are set to appoint Claudio Ranieri as their new head coach. The Italian has been out of work since leaving Roma at the end of last season. (Tuttosport) Dries Mertens and Jose Callejon are set to leave Napoli next summer when their contracts with the Serie A side expire. Both have been offered new deals by the Serie A club but neither have been convinced to sign. (Tuttosport) Mertens will explore the possibility of a move to MLS next summer but the Belgian could have a lucrative offer to join the Chinese Super League in January. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Lautaro Martinez will sign a new contract with Inter Milan despite interest from Barcelona. \"He is very happy at Inter and will soon sign a new contract with the club,\" the striker's agent Beto Yaque said. \"He is not thinking about anything else.\" (CalcioMercato) FranceLaurent Blanc, Rudi Garcia and Santos manager Jorge Sampaoli are all in the running to take over at Lyon, who sacked Sylvinho this week after a wretched start to the campaign. (L'Equipe) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160;&#160; SpainZinedine Zidane still wants Real Madrid to spend big to sign Paul Pogba next summer despite the Manchester United star's disappointing start to the season and the emergence of Federico Valverde. (Marca) James Rodriguez will not join up with Colombia for their friendlies against Chile and Algeria as the Real Madrid midfielder wants to remain in Spain and win over Los Blancos coach Zidane. (Marca) Real Madrid could be without Toni Kross for the Clasico on October 26 after the German limped off against Granada with a muscle injury. The German midfielder had played all but eight minutes of Los Blancos' opening 10 fixtures. (Mundo Deportivo) Espanyol are set to sack David Gallego and will turn to former Girona and Sevilla coach Pablo Machin. (RAC 1) ItalyPaulo Dybala reiterated he never wanted to leave Juventus in the summer after scoring in the Serie A champions' 2-1 win over Inter. \"I've always been clear, my preference was always to stay here,\" said the former Manchester United and Tottenham target. (Rai Sport)AC Milan are likely to sack Marco Giampaolo despite picking up a 2-1 win against Genoa. Luciano Spalletti, Stefano Pioli, Rudi Garcia, Claudio Ranieri and Gennaro Gattuso are the candidates to take charge. (Sky Italia) Ranieri and Pioli are also wanted by Sampdoria and Genoa as the two clubs consider managerial changes during the international break. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund have opted against sacking Lucien Favre during the international break but have identified former RB Leipzig coach Ralf Rangnick as a potential replacement for the Swiss coach. (Bild) Schalke goalkeeper and captain Alexander Nubel has decided to join Bayern Munich next summer when his contract expires. (Bild) France Lyon head coach Sylvinho faces the sack after defeat to St Etienne in the Rhone-Alpes derby compounded their poor start to the season. \"This is not enough,\" Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas said. \"We have to think and (sporting director) Juninho must tell us what he wants to do.\" (L'Equipe) Claude Puel wants to make Hatem Ben Arfa, who is currently a free agent, his first signing at St Etienne. The former Leicester City boss was appointed by Les Verts on Friday. (JDD)Switzerland Xherdan Shaqiri is happy at Liverpool despite his limited playing time at Anfield: \"Apart from the fact I'd like to play more, I'm happy. I have a certain status in the squad because I'm one of the more experienced players. I feel I'm one of the leaders.\" (Schweizer-Illustrierte)
The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyManchester United have a verbal agreement with Mario Mandzukic to sign the striker from Juventus in the January transfer window. (Tuttosport) Juventus and Napoli are the latest clubs to show interest in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European sides after a hugely impressive start to the campaign. (Corriere dello Sport) Inter Milan could make an offer for Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic in January. The Serbian's contract expires next summer, although United have the option to extend it for a further year. (FCInterNews)Napoli made an approach for Genk midfielder Sander Berge in the summer, the club's president Peter Croonen has revealed. \"Napoli asked for information,\" he said. \"I think the figures that have been mentioned, around &#163;18-22m, is a fair valuation.\" (Radio Kiss Kiss)SpainTottenham will look to sell Christian Eriksen for &#163;30m in January rather than losing the Dane for nothing when his contract expires next summer. Real Madrid are set to hold talks with the Premier League club in the coming weeks over a winter transfer. (AS) Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga has admitted he would like to end his career with Athletic Bilbao, the club he left to join the Blues in 2018. (AS) Sergio Ramos would like to represent Spain at next year's Olympic Games, which begins just ten days after the 2020 European Championships final. \"I admire Ramos and am delighted he wants to be with us,\" Spain Under-21 Luis de la Fuente coach said. (El Transistor)FranceJose Mourinho has turned down the chance to take over at Lyon as the Portuguese coach is holding out for a Premier League job. (RMC Sport) Lyon have turned their attention to Laurent Blanc and plan to hold talks with the former France and Paris Saint-Germain manager today. (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller had offers from Inter Milan, AC Milan and China in the summer but chose to remain with the Bundesliga giants. However, the Raumdeuter is now prepared to leave the club over a lack of playing time. (Kicker) Schalke will offer Alexander Nubel a &#163;60,000-a-week contract - which will contain a buyout clause - to try to convince the goalkeeper against moving to Bayern Munich when his current deal expires next summer.  (Kicker) Turkey Fenerbahce have held talks with Arsenal in an attempt to sign Mesut Ozil on loan from the Gunners in January. The German star has played just 142 minutes for the Premier League side this season. (Takvim)BelgiumDries Mertens will not be lured away from Europe by a lucrative contract if he leaves Napoli at the end of the season: \"I don't see myself signing for a club in China or Qatar. I hope to play for as long as possible in Europe at the highest level.\" (RBTF) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe. ItalyManchester United have made Massimiliano Allegri their first-choice to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer should the Norwegian be sacked. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter Milan and AC Milan are both interested in Gareth Bale and could make an offer for the Real Madrid winger next summer. (CalcioMercato) AC Milan will hold talks with Stefano Pioli today ahead of the Italian coach replacing Marco Giampaolo at San Siro. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Italy boss Roberto Mancini could attempt to call-up Arsenal's Gabriel Martinelli after it emerged the Brazil-born striker has an Italian passport. \"Martinelli... it's not easy to apply to play for Italy,\" Mancini said. \"So we need to wait for players with two passports.\" (Various) Former Chelsea target Elseid Hysaj, who has lost his place in the Napoli side to Giovanni Di Lorenzo, will leave the Serie A club when his contract expires next summer. \"We won't renew,\" the full-back's agent Mario Giuffredi said. \"Both us and Napoli are aware of that.\" (Radio Punto Nuovo)SpainMauricio Pochettino has rubbished reports he has fallen out with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy after Spurs' poor start to the season. \"People say the relationship [with Levy] has worsened, but that is simply not the case,\" the Spurs manager said. (AS) Gareth Bale is determined to quit Real Madrid next summer as he feels mistreated by Zinedine Zidane. The Welsh star has started every La Liga game this season but was left out of Los Blancos' squad to face Club Brugge in the Champions League. (AS)Real Madrid star Isco may attempt to force a move away from the Bernabeu in January. The midfielder has played just 104 minutes this season and is worried about his lack of playing time ahead of next summer's European Championships where he hopes to be involved with Spain. (El Chiringuito) Karim Benzema is set to sign a new contract with Real Madrid which will keep him at the Bernabeu until 2022. The 31-year-old striker has made a strong start to the season, scoring six goals in nine matches. (El Chiringuito) FranceArsene Wenger is on the list of names drawn up by Lyon to replace Sylvinho, who was sacked by the French club yesterday. The former Arsenal boss is being considered alongside Laurent Blanc. (Le Parisien)Wenger: I've turned down Prem offersParis Saint-Germain want to reward Marco Verratti's impressive start to the campaign with a new long-term contract. The Italian's current deal expires in the summer of 2021 and PSG want to avoid him entering the final 18 months of the agreement. (L'Equipe)GermanyBayer Leverkusen sporting director Simon Rolfes accepts Kai Havertz will leave the Bundesliga club in the near future. \"He is part of the elite of European football and it's clear he has a new challenge in mind for the future. But when he leaves, it will not be a small fee.\" (Sport1) 
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as nine-man Barcelona beat Sevilla 4-0 on Sunday to climb into second place in La Liga behind Real Madrid. The hosts rode their luck in the early stages of the game as Julen Lopetegui's Sevilla made an ambitious start but failed to take their chances while Barcelona were ruthlessly efficient and scored three times in the space of eight first-half minutes.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLuis Suarez gave the champions the lead with an outstanding bicycle kick in the 27th minute and Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal then got a crucial touch on a tame shot from Arthur Melo to double Barcelona's lead in the 32nd minute.Ousmane Dembele, who was named in the starting line-up ahead of Antoine Griezmann, made it 3-0 in the 35th minute with a superb solo dribble and finish.Barcelona captain Messi scored from a free kick in the 78th momite to finally get off the mark in a season which has been blighted by injuries but there was a sour end to the game for Ernesto Valverde's side, who are two points behind Real.Uruguayan defender Ronald Araujo had made his debut by replacing the injured Jean-Clair Todibo but was sent off 14 minutes later for a last-ditch challenge on Javier Hernandez, while Dembele was dismissed for protesting the decision.Atletico Madrid lost ground to La Liga leaders Real Madrid as they were held to a 0-0 draw away to Real Valladolid - their third goalless draw in four games - after the hosts squandered a penalty in the first half.Valladolid striker Sandro Ramirez sent the ball flying over the crossbar from the spot towards the end of a tight first half and came close to breaking the deadlock in the second when his shot shaved the post.Atletico were the better side after the interval and striker Alvaro Morata was denied at point-blank range by Valladolid's goalkeeper Jordi Matip, while substitute Angel Correa hit the post with 10 minutes remaining.Iago Aspas broke his seven-game scoring drought to start the season and gave Celta Vigo a much-needed 1-0 win over Athletic Bibao. Aspas headed in in the 74th-minute winner.Espanyol fell into second-to-last place after losing 2-0 at promoted Mallorca with Ante Budimir and Salva Sevillthe scorers in each half. Getafe were also 2-1 winners against Real Sociedad.Bundesliga - Gladbach go top Borussia Monchengladbach moved top of the Bundesliga with their fourth straight win as they routed Augsburg 5-1 on Sunday.Gladbach surged into a three goal lead in 13 minutes. Marcus Thuram surged forward and cut the ball back for Denis Zakaria (2) before Patrick Herrmann (8) scored in similar fashion - when Alassane Plea pulled the ball back - and the two combined again to make it 3-0 five minutes later.A mistake from Augsburg goalkeeper Tomas Koubek gifted Plea the fourth goal in the 39th minute as he tripped over his own feet as he attempted to control Felix Uduokhai's back pass and couldn't stop a grateful Plea from scoring.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesAugsburg one back in the 81st minute through Florian Niederlechner, who scored the rebound after Sommer saved Fredrik Jensen's effort.But Herrmann set up Breel Embolo for Gladbach's fifth two minutes later. They are now one point ahead of second-place Wolfsburg and two points clear of Bayern Munich.Wout Weghorst's 69th-minute strike was enough for Wolfsburg to defeat promoted Union Berlin 1-0 at home. Wolfsburg remains the only unbeaten team in the league, while Union dropped to the relegation zone.Eintracht Frankfurt were also held to a 2-2 draw at home by Werder Bremen. Andre Silva thought he had scored Frankfurt's winning goal in the 88th minute, but the visitors had time to equalise with Milot Rashica's converted penalty.Serie A - Napoli held to goalless draw Napoli lost ground on the Serie A leaders as they were held to a goalless draw at Torino. In a game of few clear chances, Napoli substitute Fernando Llorente probably wasted the best, late in the game.Carlo Ancelotti's men are fourth in the table with 13 points from seven games while Torino are ninth.Juventus beat Inter Milan 2-1 to leapfrog their opponents to the top of Serie A by a point. Gonzalo Higuain scored an 80th minute winner at the San Siro. Atalanta marked their first match in their newly renovated stadium with a dominant 3-1 victory over Lecce. Duvan Zapata and Alejandro \"Papu\" Gomez gave Atalanta a comfortable half-time lead, which was extended by Robin Gosens, shortly after the interval.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesIt would have been more but for the heroics of Lecce goalkeeper Gabriel. Lecce defender Fabio Lucioni netted a consolation late on for his first Serie A goal.Bologna and Lazio played out an eventful 2-2 draw that saw two red cards and a missed penalty. All the goals were scored in the first half with Italy forward Ciro Immobile equalising twice for Lazio.Immobile had already been substituted when Lazio was awarded a late penalty after Francesco Acerbi was tripped by Rodrigo Palacio, but Joaquin Correa fired his spot kick onto the crossbar.Lazio midfielder Lucas Leiva was sent off in the 59th minute and Bologna counterpart Gary Medel followed him 10 minutes later.Roma also drew, 1-1 at home to Cagliari, while Fiorentina beat Udinese 1-0.Ligue 1 - Puel wins first St Etienne gameSecond-half substitute Robert Beric struck late to give St Etienne a 1-0 home win against bitter rivals Lyon in Claude Puel's first game in charge.Beric found the back of the net in the final minute to lift St Etienne up to 13th in the standings, two points and one spot ahead of Lyon, whose winless streak in the league stretched to seven games.Lyon finished the game with 10 men after defender Leo Dubois limped off the pitch 10 minutes from time with coach Sylvinho having already made his three substitutions.Lille also drew 2-2 with Nantes earlier in the day while a 49th minute Boulaye Dia handed Reims a 1-0 win against Rennes.
Eden Hazard scored his first goal in a Real Madrid shirt as they went four points clear at the top of La Liga with a 4-2 win over second-placed Granada.  Hazard scored on the stroke of half-time to double Real's lead after Karim Benzema's opener inside two minutes. Luka Modric then smashed in a third from outside the box.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableBut Granada, this season's surprise package in La Liga, pulled two goals back. Real 'keeper Alphonse Areola, in for the ill Thibaut Courtois, blundered over a back-pass eight minutes later and bundled over Alvaro Vadillo, with Darwin Machis making no mistake from the spot.Domingos Duarte then made it 3-2 when he netted at the far post, but James Rodriguez scored in stoppage-time as Real repelled the comeback and continued their unbeaten start.Also on Saturday, Leganes stayed bottom of the table after losing 2-1 to Levante, while Valencia are now eighth following a 2-1 win over Alaves. In the late game, Osasuna came from behind to beat Villarreal 2-1, putting both teams on 11 points.Bundesliga: Bayern Munich suffer shock home defeatBayern Munich were defeated 2-1 at the Allianz Arena by Hoffenheim just four days after beating Tottenham 7-2 in London. Sargis Adamyan's double either side of Robert Lewandowski's equaliser was enough to secure a famous victory for Hoffenheim and subject the German champions to their first defeat of the season.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesSerge Gnabry, who scored four against Spurs, had the ball in the net but the goal was ruled out for offside.The defeat was Bayern's first at home in all competitions since March and their first in the league for a year, but they remain top after both Freiburg and Schalke failed to take advantage.Freiburg drew 2-2 with Dortmund, while Schalke conceded a late equaliser in a 1-1 draw with Cologne. Elsewhere, Paderborn lost 2-1 to Mainz and Bayer Leverkusen drew 1-1 with RB Leipzig.Ligue 1: Neymar scores again in PSG win Neymar continued on his road to redemption with Paris Saint-Germain fans with another stoppage-time goal, this one sealing an emphatic victory as the French champions romped to a 4-0 win over Angers.Ligue 1 tableLigue 1 fixturesPablo Sarabia opened the scoring after 13 minutes, before assisting goals for Mauro Icardi and Idrissa Gueye either side of half-time.Neymar was booked for handball 10 minutes from time, but made amends with his late goal.Montpellier moved to sixth place with a 3-1 win over Monaco, who played with 10 men from the 81st as Russian midfielder Aleksandr Golovin was sent off for a second yellow card. Also, Bordeaux beat Toulouse 3-1, Dijon edged Strasbourg 1-0 and Brest defeated Metz 2-0.Serie A: Four red cards and saved penalty in Milan winGoalkeeper Pepe Reina pulled off a superb penalty save in stoppage time to make up for an earlier mistake as misfiring AC Milan hung on for a gritty 2-1 win over Genoa in a thrilling Serie A game that saw four red cards.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesWith just two wins and four goals in their opening six league games, Milan suffered a further blow before kick-off when goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma was forced to withdraw due to a stomach bug, with Reina deputising between the posts.Genoa had problems of their own when captain Domenico Criscito was carried off on a stretcher with a hamstring injury after 10 minutes and he was replaced by Davide Biraschi.Both understudies went on to struggle and a Reina howler gifted Genoa the lead when he completely misjudged Lasse Schone's first-half free-kick, allowing it to fly past him into the net. Genoa had substitute Riccardo Sapponara sent off by the referee just before half-time and Milan's luck turned after the break as Theo Hernandez scored, exploiting a quick free-kick to equalise from a very tight angle.Five minutes later, Genoa's Biraschi was sent off for handling the ball in the penalty area and Franck Kessie stepped up to stroke home the spot-kick and put his team into the lead.Davide Calabria collected his second yellow for Milan in the 79th minute and Reina then upended Christian Kouame to concede a late penalty but he redeemed himself by steering Schone's spot-kick away for a corner.Milan substitute Samu Castillejo was sent off from the bench before the game finally ended in a win for the visitors.Earlier, there were home wins for SPAL, who beat Parma 1-0 despite having Gabriel Strefezza sent off, and Verona, who scored a 2-0 victory over bottom side Sampdoria.
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe. ItalyPaul Pogba will not renew his contract at Manchester United. The midfielder's current deal expires in 2021 and he is prepared to force a move away from Old Trafford. (Tuttosport) Juventus are prepared to offer Manchester United Mario Mandzukic and Emre Can in January in exchange for Pogba. (Tuttosport) Zlatan Ibrahimovic has refused to rule out a return to Europe when his LA Galaxy contract expires in December. \"I know I could still make a difference, in Italy and in other countries. I'd do better than the players who are there now. My contract expires in December and I don't know what will happen after that.\" (Sky Italia) Gennaro Gattuso is in talks to take over at Sampdoria after the former midfielder turned down the chance to join Genoa. (Sky Italia) GermanyShkodran Mustafi feels he has become a target for abuse from Arsenal fans. \"I'm self-critical enough to realise I made mistakes; I can deal with tough criticism. But it's escalated and became irrational. I've become a target. At one point, people blamed me for a defeat I had not even played in.\" (Der Spiegel)Mustafi is open to a move away from the Emirates in January. \"The next move is extremely important, it needs to be a positive chapter in my career,\" he says. \"I am open-minded about my future, the Bundesliga is possible.\" (Der Spiegel)Thomas Muller wants to leave Bayern Munich in January after the German star lost his place in Niko Kovac's side to Philippe Coutinho. Muller has been a substitute for Bayern's last five matches. (Bild) Borussia Dortmund are the latest club to show interest in signing Celtic's 16-year-old starlet Karamoko Dembele. The Bundesliga giants would face competition from Arsenal, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain. (Bild) SpainLionel Messi expected Neymar to join Real Madrid after Barcelona failed to re-sign the Brazilian from PSG. \"I felt if Neymar didn't come, he'd go to Madrid. He wanted to leave Paris and I thought Florentino [Perez] and Madrid would do something to sign him.\" (RAC1)  Barcelona are set to open contract talks with Marc-Andre ter Stegen and will offer the German a long-term deal to keep him at the Camp Nou. (Marca) Real Madrid and Barcelona will go head to head in the race to sign Fabian Ruiz from Napoli next summer. The Spain international has also been linked with a move to Liverpool. (Mundo Deportivo) FranceLille have received several offers for striker Victor Osimhen - who only joined the Ligue 1 side in the summer - and the 20-year-old could leave in January if a substantial bid is received. (Le10Sport) 
Zinedine Zidane was fiercely critical of his Real Madrid side for their \"worst-ever\" first-half performance in the 2-2 draw with Club Brugge, describing the first goal as \"laughable.\" Emmanuel Dennis' peculiar brace gave the Belgian side a 2-0 half-time lead against the 13-time European champions, who opened their Pool A account by being brushed aside 3-0 by Paris Saint-Germain a fortnight ago.Real fightback halted by BruggeReal Madrid fixturesSergio Ramos halved the deficit before the hour before Brugge captain Ruud Vormer was sent off for a second bookable offence and, from the resulting free kick, Casemiro scored five minutes from time to rescue a 2-2 draw.Thibaut Courtois was substituted at half-time, though reportedly for a stomach problem, while Eden Hazard is also under fire from some fans and the Madrid press after an underwhelming first few weeks since his move from Chelsea.\"We cannot be happy because we have never played as bad as we did in the opening 45 minutes,\" Zidane said. \"I'm pleased with how we reacted but not for only getting a point.\"The first goal we conceded was laughable. We started badly and we were not focused in the areas of the pitch where the opponent could cause us the most harm.\"The two goals that they scored were a joke, that's all I can say on that.\" The stats behind Real's poor formThough they sit top of La Liga with four wins and three draws from seven games, their Champions League form is worrying. After a draw and a defeat in their opening two group games, this equals Real's worst ever start in the competition.Real earned one point from their opening two in 2002/03, losing against AC Milan and drawing with Lokomotiv Moscow under Vicente del Bosque. Real also conceded two or more goals in three consecutive home games in all European competitions for the first time in their history.Their form in Zidane's second spell is also worrying. They've won just 45 per cent of their 20 games under the Frenchman since he took over again, having won 80 per cent of their first 20 games in his initial spell in January 2016. What the papers sayAfter Marca suggested in midweek that Hazard was the second-worst Galactico behind Michael Owen, the Madrid newspaper instead went for Courtois on their cover, with the headline lamenting their defence: 'Like a sieve, again.' AS did go with Hazard, however, insisting there is cause for concern with the headline 'Alarming', also translated as 'Concern'. Ramos: We have to do betterDefender Ramos, who has so often been Real's talisman, admitted his side must do better.\"A very bad first half, and a second half where we had courage and delivered as we are expected to do,\" Ramos wrote on Twitter.\"We have to do more, we have to do better. It's that clear.\"More injury concerns?A stomach problem led to Courtois being substituted at half-time while defender Nacho's knee injury led to his withdrawal before the start of the second half. \"Courtois is in a bad way and could not continue for the second half,\" added Zidane, who revealed James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale were not considered for Tuesday's game after picking up knocks earlier this week.\"Nacho got injured too. Courtois was not injured quite as badly, we'll have to wait and see with the others.\"Up nextIn an unlikely top-of-the-table clash, Real host Granada on Saturday at the Bernabeu, before going to Real Mallorca after the international break.They have another tough task in their hope to get their Champions League campaign back on track, heading to Galatasaray on October 22, before a trip to the Nou Camp for the Clasico against Barcelona on October 26.
Real Madrid have said goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois did not suffer an anxiety attack at half-time during their Champions League draw with Club Brugge. Courtois' first-half performance was criticised after he conceded two goals to Emmanuel Bonaventure and he was substituted at the break.It has since been reported that the former Chelsea goalkeeper had anxiety-related problems and had to be replaced by Alphonse Areola.In a statement on Friday, Real Madrid said: \"Our player has never been diagnosed with an alleged anxiety picture and therefore, that information is absolutely false.\"Thibaut Courtois has been diagnosed and treated for acute gastroenteritis with dehydration and electrolyte imbalance, which made it impossible to end last Tuesday's game against Brugge.\"The player currently responds favourably to the treatment.\"Madrid are top of La Liga and remain unbeaten after their first seven league matches, but have struggled in the Champions League after losing their opening group game 3-0 away at Paris Saint-Germain.Second-half goals from Sergio Ramos and Casemiro earned a 2-2 draw with Club Brugge at the Bernabeu.
Catch up on the back pages from around Europe, including a new rival for Arsenal in the race to sign Donyell Malen. The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyArsenal face competition from AC Milan in the race to sign PSV star Donyell Malen. The Dutch international - who spent two years in the Gunners academy - has scored 14 goals in 17 matches this season. (Tuttosport) Chelsea and Arsenal have scouted Anderlecht youngster Jeremy Doku. The 17-year-old winger has already made 14 senior appearances for the Belgian club. (CalcioMercato) Juventus remain interested in Mauro Icardi and could make a move for the striker, who is on loan from Inter at Paris Saint-Germain this season, in the summer of 2020. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Eusebio Di Francesco is set to be sacked by Sampdoria after I Blucerchiati suffered a 2-0 defeat to Hellas Verona. \"We're a little stunned by what we've seen,\" Samp president Massimo Ferrero said after the defeat. (Sky Italia) Gennaro Gattuso could return to AC Milan but only if Paolo Maldini leaves his role as technical director. Gattuso was sacked by the Rossoneri in the summer but may take over from Marco Giampaolo after a poor start to the season. (Corriere dello Sport) SpainVillarreal are set to offer winger Samuel Chukwueze a new long-term contract. The 20-year-old broke into the Yellow Submarine's first team last season and was linked with a move to Liverpool. (Marca)Real Madrid could launch a bid for Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes in January. The Portugal international was linked with Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur in the summer. (El Desmarque)  After he scored his first Real Madrid goal against Granada, Eden Hazard accepted he was already under pressure at the Bernabeu. \"People are talking, I've heard many things,\" he said. \"It was important to get that goal. I wanted to do something special.\" (AS) FranceJuventus are interested in Angers left-back Rayan Ait-Nouri and could make a move for the 18-year-old when the transfer window reopens in January. They will face competition from Paris Saint-Germain, however. (L'Equipe) Strasbourg full-back Kenny Lala has revealed Fiorentina tried to sign him in the summer. \"There was a concrete offer and I gave the green light,\" he explained. \"So it was then up to both clubs to agree but that did not happen.\" (France Football) GermanyIlkay Gundogan has revealed he held talks with Bayern Munich during Pep Guardiola's time in Bavaria. \"I can say openly there were talks with Bayern Munich once, but it didn't happen for different reasons. And now I'm very happy at Manchester City.\" (S&#252;ddeutsche Zeitung)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid will make a bid for Tottenham star Christian Eriksen in January and could offer Luka Modric to Spurs as part of a deal for the Dane. (El Desmarque) Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea and agent Jorge Mendes are exploring the possibility of becoming owners of Spanish second-tier side Elche. (Cope Elche) Barcelona have not contacted River Plate manager Marcelo Gallardo about taking over at the Camp Nou mid-season if Ernesto Valverde is sacked. (Sport) Real Madrid will not look to cut short Martin &#216;degaard's loan at Real Sociedad in January. Los Blancos will assess whether to bring the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (Marca) Ajax full-back Nicolas Tagliafico turned down the opportunity to join Atletico Madrid this summer: \"I did not want to push the situation between me and Ajax so I decided to stay another year. We shall see next summer.\" (Cadena Cope)Victor Valdes could leave his position as coach of Barcelona's Juvenil A side after a falling out with Barca academy director Patrick Kluivert. (Catalunya Radio) ItalySpurs star Heung-Min Son's agent has talked up a future move to Napoli. \"Why not? Never say never in football,\" Thies Bliemeister said. \"Son likes Italy, the food, the people. It's not easy to take him from Tottenham, he costs a lot. But, one day, who knows?\" (Radio Marte) Takumi Minamino is the latest Red Bull Salzburg player to be linked with a move to Liverpool. The Reds are also reportedly interested in striker Erling Haaland and 18-year-old Dominik Szoboszlai. (CalcioMercato) Willian will be offered a new contract by Chelsea as the Blues do not want to lose the Brazilian next summer for nothing. (CalcioMercato) Carlo Ancelotti could leave Napoli at the end of the season if the club fail to mount a Serie A title challenge or struggle in the Champions League knockout stages. (Corriere dello Sport)Chelsea full-back Davide Zappacosta's loan spell at Roma could be cut short in January after he suffered an ACL injury in training. The Italy international may miss up to five months of football. (Various) Luciano Spalletti will not take over at AC Milan if the club part company with Marco Giampaolo. \"It's rubbish,\" he said. \"Let Giampaolo work, he is the rising star of Italian coaching.\" (Top Calcio 24)Sampdoria will turn to Claudio Ranieri or Stefano Pioli if they decide to sack Eusebio Di Francesco after Saturday's fixture against Verona. (Il Secolo XIX) FranceLaurent Koscielny has revealed why he forced a move away from Arsenal this summer. \"The Premier League requires a lot, physically and mentally,\" the Bordeaux defender said. \"I didn't feel I could play 40-50 matches and I didn't want to end with injuries. I've gone down a level, but take more pleasure. I can only say that I left with my head held high.\" (L'Equipe) Tiemoue Bakayoko, who returned to Monaco this summer on loan from Chelsea, has opened up on his struggles at Stamford Bridge. \"There are things that aren't explainable, things that will stay between me and the club. It didn't click. There's a bit of a disappointment but sometimes that happens. You just need to carry on.\" (Canal+)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.&#160; And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across EuropeSpainChelsea star N'Golo Kante is among the list of midfielders Real Madrid will target to strengthen their squad next summer. Tottenham's Christian Eriksen, Manchester United's Paul Pogba and Ajax's Donny van de Beek are also options. (Sport) With Thibaut Courtois yet to convince at Real Madrid following his move from Chelsea in 2018, Los Blancos president Florentino Perez will consider triggering Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak's &#163;107m buyout clause next summer. (El Desmarque) Martin Odegaard does not plan to cut short his two-year loan at Real Sociedad. Manchester United have been linked with the 20-year-old while Real Madrid have considered bringing the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (ESPN Deportes) Barcelona were interested in Inter Milan centre-back Stefan de Vrij in the summer and would have made a move for the Holland international if Samuel Umtiti had left the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo) Achraf Hakimi hopes to return to Real Madrid next summer when his two-year loan at Borussia Dortmund comes to an end. \"At the moment I'm at a very good level, so I think I could play for Real Madrid. But at the end of the season, I'll tell you if I am prepared.\" (AS) ItalyManchester United, Juventus and Inter Milan will all make approaches for Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic in January. The 31-year-old would be available for around &#163;50m. (CalcioMercato)  Inter Milan will launch another bid for Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The Serie A leaders will use funds raised by the sale of Gabriel Barbosa to Flamengo. (Tuttosport) Hatem Ben Arfa, currently a free agent having left Rennes at the end of last season, has been offered the chance to sign with Fiorentina until the end of the season. (Tuttosport)AC Milan head coach Marco Giampaolo will not resign despite the Rossoneri making their worst start to a Serie A season in 81 years. He said: \"Resigning? Never. Leaving would mean giving up and we never give up.\" (Le Iene) FranceBarcelona and Paris Saint-Germain could strike a swap deal next summer which sees Antoine Griezmann head to the French capital and Neymar return to the Nou Camp. (Le10Sport)  Claude Puel is expected to be named new head coach of St Etienne and his first match in charge will be the Rhone derby against former club Lyon on Sunday. (RMC) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160; SpainArsenal and Manchester City are both interested in Martin Odegaard and could make an offer next summer. Odegaard has quickly impressed on a two-year loan at Real Sociedad from Real Madrid, who would demand around &#163;55m for the Norwegian. (Eldesmarque)Barcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and could offer the Brazilian a contract in January when his deal with the Blues will have only six months to run. (Mundo Deportivo) Liverpool, Tottenham, Bayer Leverkusen, Valencia, AC Milan and Atletico Madrid were all interested in Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Dani Olmo this summer but were put off a transfer by the club's &#163;35m valuation. (Marca) Former Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was whistled by Real Madrid fans and then brought off at half time of Los Blancos' 2-2 Champions League draw with Club Brugge. The goalkeeper was supposedly withdrawn at the break due to stomach problems. (Marca)Real Madrid will send several scouts to watch Ajax trio Donny van de Beek, Hakim Ziyech and David Neres. The Liga giants were linked with Van de Beek in the summer as an alternative to Paul Pogba. (AS) Qatari club Al Rayyan have held talks with Diego Costa over a potential transfer next summer. The striker has struggled since returning to Atletico Madrid from Chelsea in 2018 and has scored just six La Liga goals. (AS) ItalyMassimiliano Allegri will not break his year-long sabbatical to take over at either Tottenham or AC Milan. The Italian coach, who is believed to be learning English, has been out of work since the summer after he left Juventus. (Corriere dello Sport)Former Italy international Claudio Marchisio is expected to announce his retirement from football. The midfielder had been in talks with Rangers and Monaco, and clubs in China, but has decided to hang up his boots. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Andriy Shevchenko has not been offered the opportunity to replace Marco Giampaolo by AC Milan. \"I love Milan but the club has not contacted me,\" the former striker said. \"On a professional level I'm not thinking about Milan right now.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport) Barcelona have also added AC Milan striker Krzysztof Piatek to their growing list of potential long-term Luis Suarez replacements. The Poland international only joined the Rossoneri in January from Genoa after a goal-laden start to life in Serie A. (Calciomercato)FranceManchester United will continue to monitor the form of Lyon striker Moussa Dembele this season ahead of a move for the French striker next summer. The 23-year-old has become a priority for the Premier League side. (Le10Sport) Chelsea are interested in 18-year-old Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile and could make an offer for the centre-back when their registration ban comes to an end next summer. (Le10Sport) Former Leicester manager Claude Puel is expected to take charge of St Etienne and wants former Foxes assistant Jacky Bonnevay to join him at the Ligue 1 side. (Le Progres) GermanyBayern Munich were offered the chance to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City this summer but the Bundesliga club opted not to pursue a deal for the Brazilian and instead focused on Leroy Sane. (Sport Bild) The Bavarians hope to sign Sane next summer and will also move for Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Kai Havertz. If Bayern are unable to land Havertz they will look to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent. (Sport Bild) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160; Italy Christian Eriksen has turned down another contract offer from Tottenham and hopes to secure a move to Juventus, Real Madrid or Manchester United when his current deal expires next summer. (CalcioMercato) Lionel Messi would like Barcelona to make a move for Inter Milan forward and Argentine compatriot Lautaro Martinez. (Corriere dello Sport) Barcelona scouts used their Champions League clash with Inter Milan to run their eye over Nerazzurri trio Milan Skriniar, Stefano Sensi and Martinez. (CalcioMercato) Liverpool are the latest English club to be linked with Red Bull Salzburg midfielder Dominik Szoboszlai. The 18-year-old featured against the Reds in the Champions League on Wednesday and has also been linked with Arsenal. (CalcioMercato) SpainBarcelona have added Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Amer Gojak to their list of potential transfer targets. Scouts from the Liga club were at the Etihad Stadium on Tuesday to watch Dani Olmo and the 22-year-old Bosnian. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid plan to improve their midfield in the January transfer window and have a shortlist that includes Christian Eriksen, Donny van de Beek and Rennes' 16-year-old Eduardo Camavinga. (Marca) Los Blancos will look to offload Mariano Diaz in the winter transfer window and will also look to loan out former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz. (Marca) GermanyBayern Munich expect Manchester City winger Leroy Sane to be available at reduced price next summer as the Germany international will have just one year remaining on his contract. (Sport Bild) Werder Bremen coach Florian Kohfeldt has ruled out leaving the club this season after he was named as a potential replacement for Lucien Favre at Borussia Dortmund. (Bild) FranceParis Saint-Germain will offer Marquinhos a contract extension. The versatile Brazilian has become a vital component of Thomas Tuchel's midfield and the Ligue 1 side want to keep him at the club until 2023. (Le10Sport) HollandAjax midfielder Donny van de Beek has ruled out leaving the Dutch club in the January transfer window. \"I will end the year with Ajax,\" he said. \"Maybe at one point in my career I would change clubs in the winter, but currently I won't do that.\" (Voetbal International) BelgiumDries Mertens could leave Napoli when his contract expires next summer: \"At the end of this year I'll assess whether to renew my contract with the Azzurri or not,\" he said. \"It's still too early. I'm not in a position to rule anything out.\" (Sport/Voetbalmagazine)
Back in Spain. Back in the spotlight. Martin Odegaard is turning heads once more on his third loan spell away from Real Madrid, writes Michael Hincks. A re-emergence at 20 years old. It sounds ridiculous, and you cannot say that about many players, but then again, not many players make a high-profile transfer to Real Madrid at 16.Four years on from his move to the Spanish capital, Martin Odegaard's displays on loan at Real Sociedad are not going unnoticed.The Basque club are fifth in La Liga, and Odegaard has been at the forefront of that fine start. Is he finally showing the promise which led to his groundbreaking move? Double-O HeavenSociedad may have narrowly lost at Sevilla on Sunday night, but that only slightly detracts from the strong start they have made this season.The current top six have all won four of their opening seven league games, and Sociedad sit fifth on 13 points, tied with Barcelona and Sevilla, and two points off leaders Real Madrid.For Sociedad, it is Odegaard and Mikel Oyarzabal who are leading their charge for a Champions League place, seven seasons on from their last top-four finish, when they had Antoine Griezmann and Carlos Vela at their disposal.Oyarzabal, 22, has four goals and two assists after seven games, while Odegaard - who has played every minute of their league campaign so far - is impressing in numerous departments beyond the two goals and two assists he has already. The midfielder is fourth for the most successful dribbles in La Liga, while he has made the joint-highest number of key passes along with Real Madrid's Toni Kroos.That is thanks in part to the 10 key passes made in last week's 3-0 win over Alaves, where Odegaard's assist for Oyarzabal's opener drew plaudits the continent over.Not only were those 10 key passes a record across Europe's top five leagues this season, it was also the most since the start of the 2016-17 La Liga season.The stats prove he is emerging as one of the league's most influential playmakers, but he has another league to thank for honing his skills. Made in the Netherlands?Odegaard could well look back on his time in the Netherlands and consider the Eredivisie as the league which aided his development without distraction.Having played only one La Liga match - coming off the bench in the final game of the 2014-15 season - and making just one start in a 2016 Copa del Rey game, it was evident Odegaard would only mature as a player away from Madrid.He joined Heerenveen on loan for 18 months from January 2017, and though his stats there were little to shout home about, his spell at Vitesse in 2018-19 outlined his true potential. The season was dominated domestically by Ajax, who won the league and cup double, but Odegaard enjoyed a fruitful season for a side which finished fifth.He combined with Bryan Linssen five times, the second-best combination that year in Eredivisie, while he was joint-fifth for successful dribbles.Only Hakim Ziyech made more key passes, while his tally of 10 assists was bettered only by five players.November showdown at the Bernabeu?Odegaard's impressive Eredivisie displays saw him reportedly the subject of interest from Ajax in the summer, but instead he chose a return to Spain with Sociedad.That brought with it the added pressure of featuring in the same league as his parent club.And in contrast to many loans deals, Odegaard is free to feature against Real, who have reportedly removed a clause from their loan contracts stipulating that loanees cannot play against the club. Those reports have been proved true with on-loan Borja Mayoral scoring for Levante against parent club Real Madrid, while Sergio Reguilon also featured against Real earlier this month for Sevilla.Real Madrid are set to host Sociedad in November, with the reverse fixture in April, meaning Odegaard can showcase his skills against the team he will one day look to break into.Could Real recall him?For now, it appears Real Madrid will allow Odegaard to bask in the extra game-time he is getting in the Basque country.Spanish paper Marca claim that Real Madrid have not changed their long-term strategy regarding Odegaard, and they will not look to cut the loan spell short in January. \"The aim is for Odegaard to be incorporated into the Real Madrid first-team setup from next season, though the Norwegian wants to know what his role would be in the side,\" Marca wrote.\"Nevertheless, for now, Odegaard is doing exactly what he was sent on loan for, to get La Liga experience and become accustomed to the demands of the league, a test which he is, so far, acing.\"The eyes are firmly on Odegaard now to see whether these promising signs can transform him into an influential player at Real Madrid for years to come.After all, still aged just 20, he has a whole career ahead of him.
Real Madrid's Eden Hazard admits he has not reached his full potential since his &#163;89m move from Chelsea and cannot yet be considered a Galactico.  Hazard has made just four appearances this season after a thigh injury delayed his debut, one of them being in a 3-0 defeat at Paris Saint-Germain.Real go top of La Liga after Athletico drawMourinho rules out Italy returnThe Belgian was again left frustrated in Real's 0-0 draw against rivals Atletico Madrid on Saturday, failing to make an impact in the 77 minutes he played before being substituted.\"I'm not yet a Galactico,\" Hazard said, ahead of his first Champions League game at the Bernabeu against Club Brugge on Tuesday.\"I have to be the one to prove that I can become one.\"We know very well the last No 7 at this club [Cristiano Ronaldo] and I have to be the first to prove that I can be the best in the world, enjoy myself on the pitch, give everything in training and matches.\"I don't doubt my abilities or my technique and the more I gain confidence, everything will be better.\"When we start a competition, we want to win it: Champions League, league, cup - when you play for Real Madrid, all we want and have in our mind is to win.\"Zidane 'calm' over Hazard formReal Madrid won three successive Champions League titles under Zinedine Zidane, however last season was the first time since 2009-10 that they failed to reach the semi-finals. Zidane had departed the club in the summer of 2018, but the Frenchman is now back at the helm, after returning on March 11 following Real's Champions League defeat to Ajax, and has no concerns over Hazard's slow start.\"He knows we want more from him, but we have to stay calm. I'm not worried at all. He will succeed here and will be very good,\" Zidane said.\"You have to be patient with players who have just arrived. The good thing is he will not change. He needs more, but we will see it soon. If we can see it on Tuesday, great.\"The same thing happened to me but I stayed calm. I knew that in time it would work.\"
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.&#160; Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.ItalyArsene Wenger is the latest name being considered by AC Milan to replace the under-pressure Marco Giampaolo. The Rossoneri have made a poor start to their campaign and sit 16th after six matches. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus have added Chelsea winger Willian to their shortlist of potential targets for the summer of 2020. As things stand, the Brazilian will become a free agent at the end of the current campaign. (Tuttosport) Manchester United could make an offer for Tottenham Hotspur defender Toby Alderweireld in January. The Belgian's contract expires at the end of the season and could be sold for a cut-price fee in the winter window. (Tuttosport) United will face competition to sign Mario Mandzukic from Juventus in January as MLS side Los Angeles FC are also interested in the 33-year-old striker. (Calciomercato) SpainEspanyol could turn to former Watford head coach Javi Gracia if the club decide to sack David Gallego, whose side have just one win from seven La Liga matches this term. (Sport)  Real Madrid may opt to end Martin Odegaard's two-year loan move to Real Sociedad next summer and incorporate him into the first-team squad ahead of the 2020/21 campaign. The 20-year-old has produced a number of impressive displays for La Real this term. (AS) Barcelona are unhappy with midfielder Arthur after the midfielder was pictured on a night out with Neymar, who is suing the La Liga champions over an unpaid loyalty bonus of &#163;23m. (Marca) France Monaco are prepared to take up their option to sign Leicester City loanee Islam Slimani on a permanent basis. The striker has four goals and four assists in five matches and it will cost the Ligue 1 side around &#163;9m to make his move permanent. (France Football)  GermanyBayern Munich centre-back Niklas Sule has revealed he would like to play in the Premier League. \"This is one of the leagues in which I really want to play,\" Sule, who was linked with Chelsea before his move to Bayern, explained. (Spox) Russia Crystal Palace could make an offer for Fedor Chalov next year after they failed to sign the CSKA Moscow forward in the summer. \"I talked with Roy Hodgson and he really likes the player,\" agent Sandor Varga said. \"I don't want to exclude the possibility of another move for him next summer.\" (Championat)
Mario Balotelli scored his first goal for Brescia, but it was not enough to prevent his new side from going down to a 2-1 defeat at Napoli in Serie A on Sunday. Three years on from his last goal in the Italian top flight, Balotelli carried Pia, his six-year-old daughter, onto the field with him.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesThe hosts took a 2-0 lead through Dries Mertens and Kostas Manolas before the break but Balotelli took advantage of his imposing physique to head in from a corner midway through the second half to make it interesting, but Brescia were unable to complete the comeback.\"Mario is a player that you all know,\" the club's head coach Eugenio Corini said. \"He arrived with a lot of motivation and he really seems to be bonding with the squad. He's a great player and I'll always expect something extra from him.\"Bouncing back from a highly disappointing midweek loss to Cagliari, fourth-placed Napoli moved within one point of third-placed Atalanta.AC Milan coach Marco Giampaolo is at risk of losing his job after the Rossoneri lost 3-1 at home to Fiorentina for their third straight league defeat.It's the first time since the 1938/39 season that Milan have lost four of their opening six matches, and they now sit 16th in the table - a point above the relegation zone. Erick Pulgar put Fiorentina ahead early on with a penalty and Milan were reduced to 10 men after the break when VAR determined that a studs-up tackle by Mateo Musacchio into Franck Ribery's ankle deserved a red card.Gaetano Castrovilli doubled Fiorentina's advantage by getting to a rebound, and Ribery fooled a pair of defenders to make it 3-0 after a poor penalty attempt from Federico Chiesa was saved by Milan goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.Rafael Leo slalomed past several defenders to pull one back in style for Milan's only real highlight.Elsewhere, Roma are fifth, one point behind Napoli, after Edin Dzeko's header earned them a 1-0 victory at Lecce.Lazio are one point further back in sixth after thrashing Genoa 4-0 with goals from Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Stefan Radu, Felipe Caicedo and Ciro Immobile, while Udinese beat Bologna with a first-half strike from Stefano Okaka. La Liga: Pressure mounts on Espanyol's GallegoEspanyol coach David Gallego is under immense pressure after his side lost for the fourth time in as many home games this season.They fell to a 2-0 defeat to Valladolid at RCDE Stadium on Sunday, finishing the match with 10 men and with their disgruntled fans calling for Gallego to be dismissed.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableValladolid's Michel Herrero converted a first-half penalty and Oscar Plano added another goal in stoppage time. Espanyol defender Fernando Calero was given a straight red card for a professional foul. Also on Sunday, Eibar earned a second consecutive win by beating Celta Vigo 2-0 thanks to goals from Edu Expsito and Fabian Orellana.Sevilla are up to sixth in the table after beating Real Sociedad 3-2 at the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan.Mikel Oyarzabal's opener was cancelled out by Nolito before further strikes from Lucas Ocampos and Franco Vazquez put the hosts in control. Portu set up a nervy finale but Sevilla held on.Bundesliga: Ibisevic inspires HerthaSubstitute Vedad Ibisevic scored two goals with his first two touches of the ball in Hertha Berlin's 4-0 rout of 10-man Cologne in the Bundesliga on Sunday. Hertha were given a helping hand by VAR when Cologne defender Jorge Mer was sent off moments before the break. Referee Sren Storks had shown Mer a yellow card for a late challenge on Vladimir Darida, but changed it to red after consulting video replays.Bundesliga tableCologne had made a good start but Javairo Dilrosun scored against the run of play in the 23rd minute.Ibisevic made an instant impact after coming on, scoring twice either side of the hour-mark. Belgian defender Dedryck Boyata completed the rout with his first Bundesliga goal in the 83rd minute as Hertha climbed to 10th and left Cologne in 17th place after six rounds. Both teams posed together for a photo before the game to mark \"Diversity Day,\" while Cologne players also wore jerseys that had the sponsor's name in rainbow colors.Earlier on Sunday, Luca Waldschmidt scored a late goal for Freiburg to win 2-1 at Fortuna Dsseldorf and move third on goal difference, a point off leaders Bayern Munich.
Jose Mourinho has ruled out returning to management in Italy. The former Inter Milan boss, who has been out of work since being sacked by Manchester United at the end of last year, has been linked with a number of Serie A jobs.More recently, however, it has been reported he could return to Real Madrid to replace Zinedine Zidane, who has won half of all his matches in charge this season despite sitting top of La Liga.Speaking to Italian TV show Tiki Taka, Mourinho said: \"I haven't worked for seven, eight months so we'll see what happens.\"But I don't think I'll come back to work in Italy. It's a sensation, but I don't think my future will be in Italy.\"As Inter boss, Mourinho won a Champions League-Serie A double in 2010 - his second of two league titles while in Italy, but the president who hired him, Massimo Morratti, has since left the club. \"Inter is my home and Moratti remains both my president and friend,\" Mourinho said. \"When I say he, I say family. It's as if he was my family, and I feel his family in a special way: everyone here is really special.\"My job also consists of finding the empathy I had with Inter fans. I give my all. I join a club, I take the shirt, I wear it and I live with that shirt.\"
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals. Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.GermanyJadon Sancho will not remain at Borussia Dortmund for the duration of his five-year contract, BVB sporting director Michael Zorc has confirmed. \"No decision has been made [on a transfer next summer]. But you don't have to be a prophet to say Jadon won't play here for five more years.\" (Kicker)SpainEden Hazard is not viewed as a leader on or off the pitch by senior members of the Real Madrid dressing room. Injury has disrupted the Belgian's start to life at the Bernabeu and he's yet to score or assist for the La Liga club. (El Chiringuito)Senior players at Barcelona are unsure why the club didn't have an alternative to Neymar lined up once it became clear Paris Saint-Germain were not going to sell the Brazilian in the summer. (Sport)Barcelona's 16-year-old winger Ansu Fati has been included by Spain head coach Robert Moreno on the preliminary squad list for Euro 2020 qualifiers against Sweden and Norway next month. (Cadena SER)ItalyJose Mourinho doesn't expect to make a return to Italian football. \"I haven't worked for almost eight months so we'll see what happens, but I don't think I'll come back to work in Italy. It's a feeling... I don't think my future will be in Italy.\" (Tiki Taka)  Claudio Ranieri believes Massimiliano Allegri, who has been linked with Tottenham and Manchester United, would be suited to coaching in England. \"Massimiliano would have no problems understanding the mentality of English football,\" he said. (Radio Anch'io Sport)Ranieri could soon make a return to the touchline as the 67-year-old is on AC Milan's shortlist to replace Marco Giampaolo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)The Rossoneri have also held talks with club legend Andriy Shevchenko over a return to San Siro. The former striker, who scored 175 goals for Milan, is currently in charge of the Ukraine national team. (TuttoMercatoWeb)Genoa have held talks with Gennaro Gattuso as they look to replace the under-pressure Aurelio Andreazzoli. (Sky Italia) France Edinson Cavani is ready to leave Paris Saint-Germain next summer when his contract expires. The Ligue 1 champions have yet to hold talks with the striker over a new deal and he's been linked with David Beckham's MLS franchise Inter Miami. (L'Equipe) HollandAjax are set to offer midfielder Donny van de Beek a new contract. The 22-year-old was courted by Real Madrid in the summer as an alternative to Paul Pogba and Los Blancos could return for the Dutch international even if he does sign a new deal. (Voetbal International)


The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.TurkeyManchester City are eyeing up Leicester City centre-back Caglar Soyuncu as Pep Guardiola looks to bolster his defensive options following injuries to Aymeric Laporte and John Stones. (Fotospor)SpainBarcelona will revive their interest in Chelsea winger Willian. The La Liga club had reportedly been keen on the Brazilian in the summer. (Mundo Deportivo)After recording their first away win over the season by beating Getafe on Saturday, Barcelona head coach Ernesto Valverde revealed winger Ousmane Dembele might not be fit for their Champions League tie against Inter. The Frenchman missed the trip to Madrid as a precaution but might not be ready in time for Wednesday. \"I don't know,\" Valverde replied when asked if the Frenchman would feature. \"I wish that wasn't the case, but I can't say for sure.\" (Marca)Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane defended summer signing Eden Hazard after the Belgian came in for criticism in Saturday's goalless draw against rivals Atletico Madrid. \"He doesn't lack much,\" the French tactician said, \"just little things. We have to stick with him. He's done a good job, but we haven't had many chances.\" (Marca)Hazard and Trippier's contrasting nightsItalyLiverpool are interested in signing Ajax winger David Neres, 22, as the Reds look to boost their attack. The Brazilian international can play on either flank. (Calciomercato)Borussia Dortmund have joined the race to sign Brescia's highly-rated midfielder Sandro Tonali. The 19-year-old is also wanted by Juventus and Milan. (Calciomercato)Juventus are desperate to attract Paris Saint-Germain defender Thomas Meunier to Turin and will 'do anything' to convince the Belgian to sign. Juve defender Mattia De Sciglio could even be used as a makeweight. Meunier is out of contract at the end of the season and has been offered a new deal already. (Corriere dello Sport) Napoli's attempts to renew the contract of Belgian striker Dries Mertens have hit a stumbling block. The forward shows no inclination to extend his deal with the Neapolitans and is reportedly courting interesting from the US, Saudi Arabia, China and Belgium. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Leandro Paredes will return to Italy having fallen out of favour in France. The Argentine has been used infrequently by coach Thomas Tuchel and Juventus, Inter and Milan are all keen. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBundesliga sides Schalke and Wolfsburg have both reportedly shown interest in out-of-work coach Jose Mourinho since the Portuguese was sacked by Manchester United last December. (SportBild)FranceMarseille were offered Celtic midfielder Olivier Ntcham this summer but sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta had no interest in the former Manchester City youngster as he wanted to sign Valentin Rongier instead. (La Provence) Marseille coach Andre Villas-Boas has revealed he wanted to sign Rennes' teenage wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga but the 16-year-old's price-tag made a move impossible. \"When I arrived in Marseille, I took a little time to watch Camavinga and it was impressive,\" the Portuguese said. \"I asked Andoni (Zubizarreta) if we could make an offer, but he told me it was &#8364;40m so it will be difficult.\" (La Provence)Former France coach Raymond Domenech has backed Laurent Blanc to replace under-pressure Lyon coach Sylvinho. (Le10Sport)RB Leipzig midfielder Christopher Nkunku has admitted he had to leave Paris Saint-Germain in order to secure regular first-team football. \"The departure of young people? This is understandable,\" he said. \"The young people realize that it's stuffy for them. Any player trained to the club dreams of imposing itself but in Paris it is not obvious. Some had their chance, some did not. I think I was patient, I tried. But I realized that for my career to take off, I had to go elsewhere.\" (France Football)SwedenThe agent of Manchester United defender Victor Lindelof has revealed the Swedish defender was wanted by Barcelona during the summer transfer window. (Sportbladet)
&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;As Kieran Trippier showed signs he is fitting into Diego Simeone's mould, Eden Hazard struggled to make an impact in his first Madrid derby. Michael Hincks was at the Wanda Metropolitano to watch the duo in action as <a href='https://www.skysports.com/football/a-madrid-vs-r-madrid/report/415694'>Atletico Madrid held city rivals Real Madrid to a goalless draw</a>. Real go top of La Liga after Atletico drawAs it happened | La Liga tableTrippier in the thick of itThe former Tottenham full-back has enjoyed his fair share of London derbies in the past, and he was heavily involved in his first taste of El Derbi action in the Spanish capital on Saturday night.His evening was almost over after three minutes when Hazard backed into him and left the right-back needing treatment, but he shrugged off that early problem to continue his promising early-season form.It was a difficult balancing act, keeping tabs on Hazard while also serving as an attacking outlet out wide, but Trippier spun both plates admirably.He kept Hazard quiet, at times dragging the Belgian back to do defensive work of his own, while Real left-back Nacho - booked in the first half - struggled to cope with Trippier's advances. The disappointment for Trippier will be that only one of his eight crosses found a team-mate, while the gaps he left when attacking could have been exposed by a more polished Real front line.On another night, he could have got an assist, but on another night he could have perhaps been culpable for a Real goal on the counter.However, just seven league games into life as a defender under Diego Simeone, it is clear he is getting to grips with the ways and methods of one of football's most demanding coaches. Hazard off the boilWhile Trippier is already endearing himself to the Atletico fans, Real's supporters will have to exercise patience with Hazard.It is not a trait the Bernabeu faithful are known for, and while they will soon start to demand much more of their &#163;88m man, there were signs again on Saturday night that Hazard is not yet at full fitness.The Belgian looked off the pace throughout, and it was his misplaced pass which set Atletico on their way to their best chance of the first half, which Joao Felix sent wide.  His night ended in the 77th minute when he was replaced by James Rodriguez, having failed to get a shot away and recording one successful dribble to Trippier's two.With a wealth of attacking options, particularly out wide, it will be intriguing to see how much game-time Hazard gets in the coming weeks as the former Chelsea star looks to regain his sharpness.The Spanish press: 'Hazard never showed up''Is it time to say that Hazard isn't performing well enough?' asked Spanish paper Marca.Marca journalist Journalist Ruben Jimenez said: \"Eden Hazard is still waiting to explode. He's lacking pace, form and is still being afforded excuses. A player who cost 100 million euros needs to do more or, at the very least, something. He never showed up at the Wanda Metropolitano.\" Sergio Santos Chozas, AS journalist, wrote: \"A bad day at the office for the Belgian. Only managed to come up with one sparkling move, beating Savic in the first half. He's far from close to being fully fit, which hampers him when trying his classic diagonal runs looking for a shot.\"La Liga: More than a three-horse race?It's early days, of course, but La Liga's big three of Real, Atletico and holders Barcelona have not had it all their way so far this season.Few could have predicted Granada would be in the mix in late September, but a win over Leganes saw them momentarily top the table on Saturday before Real's draw. Meanwhile, it could be Real Sociedad who occupy first come the end of the weekend.Sociedad ran out 2-0 winners over Atletico a fortnight ago, and know victory at Sevilla on Sunday evening will see them leapfrog Real.That will be no easy task as Sevilla look to close the gap themselves, but the early indications suggest a surprise name could still be challenging going into the New Year.


The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainParis Saint-Germain forward Neymar is willing to drop a lawsuit against former club Barcelona over an alleged unpaid bonus if the Catalans commit to re-signing him in writing. (Cadena Ser)Real Madrid have been impressed with Norwegian attacker Martin Odegaard's performances while on loan at Real Sociedad but they will not recall the 20-year-old. Odegaard had appeared to lose his way during two loan spells in the Eredivisie but is playing the best football of his young career in San Sebastian. (Marca)Neither Lionel Messi nor 16-year-old sensation Ansu Fati will travel with the Barcelona squad for their La Liga clash against Getafe this weekend due to injury. Fati is sidelined with a minor knee problem while Messi has an abductor issue. (Marca)Former Watford head coach Javi Gracia has revealed his surprise at being sacked by the Hornets just four months after reaching the club's second FA Cup final. \"I did not expect it because I had not had an earlier conversation in which they made me see that possibility,\" Gracia explained. \"After the 3-0 victory at the Carabao Cup and the tie at Newcastle...I honestly didn't expect four days later to fire me.\" (AS)ItalyManchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has requested a new contract with a &#163;600,000-a-week salary in order to remain at Old Trafford amid interest from Juventus and Real Madrid. (Tuttosport) Contrary to reports, under-pressure Milan coach Marco Giampaolo will not be sacked if the Rossoneri do not get a result against Fiorentina at San Siro on Sunday. The Milan board have backed their coach, who succeeded Gennaro Gattuso this summer, and he will remain in charge whatever the outcome. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Serie A holders Juventus are plotting a summer move for Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali who has been likened to former Juventus ace Andrea Pirlo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Fiorentina captain German Pezzella has revealed he turned down a summer move to Milan to remain in Florence following the signing of former Bayern Munich attacker Franck Ribery. \"When Franck entered the locker room I was a little hesitant,\" Pezzella said. \"He has a gold roll of fear. Instead, from day one Ribery was one of us. He taught us to be hungry, to always want to improve.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)FranceMarseille have denied they are in negotiations with sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta about terminating his contract. The former Barcelona keeper has come under increasing pressure at OM. (RMC Sport) Paris Saint-Germain's hopes of signing Emre Can have been dealt a blow after Juventus coach Maurizio Sarri admitted he wanted to reintegrate the German into the side after he was left out of Juve's Champions League squad. \"He suffered from this decision but we were forced not to put him on the list for the Champions League,\" Sarri said. \"He responded very well to training and we want to get him back in the team as quickly as possible.\" (Le10Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund director of sport Michael Zorc has thrown his support behind captain Marco Reus. The German international was criticised for his outburst following Dortmunds 2-2 draw with Eintracht Frankfurt which saw them drop two points. \"You can write what you want. We have a clear position,\" Zorc told reporters on Friday. \"Marco is our captain and will remain so - there is no reason to change anything.\" (Various)NetherlandsAjax will extend the contract of reported Real Madrid transfer target Donny van de Beek in a bid to ward off interest from Los Blancos. The 22-year-old will be offered a deal until 2022 to keep him in Amsterdam. (Algemeen Dagblad)
FIFA insists the voting process for The Best awards was entirely above board after claims it was fixed in favour of Barcelona star Lionel Messi. The Argentinian won the vote at the ceremony in Milan on Monday night ahead of Juventus superstar Cristiano Ronaldo and Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk.Why Salah FIFA votes did not countRevealed: Who did Ronaldo and Messi vote for?Delegates and players connected to various federations claimed their votes were either not counted or had been changed.A statement from football's world governing body released on Friday afternoon read: \"FIFA has been disappointed to see a number of reports in the media questioning the integrity of the voting process for the awards.\"These reports are unfair and misleading. The voting procedure for each of the awards is supervised and monitored by an independent observer, in this case PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Switzerland.\"The statement added that member associations had been asked to submit forms both electronically and as hard copies.\"The written documents must also be signed by the responsible persons of the association as well as by the persons authorised to vote,\" the statement continued.\"Therefore in order for a vote to be valid it must include the respective signatures and the member association's stamp.\"Both FIFA and the independent observer can demonstrate that all the votes submitted in accordance with the rules and within the deadlines were taken into account. Consequently, there is no doubt whatsoever as to the authenticity of the result.\"Should there have been any case of wrongdoing, and even if this did not affect the result of the vote, FIFA will investigate and apply sanctions where necessary.\"Messi's victory was his first success in the FIFA Best Men's Player Award since it broke away from the Ballon d'Or and launched in 2016, with Cristiano Ronaldo winning two and Luka Modric one before him.The gong followed a 2018-19 season where he scored 51 goals and helped Barca to the Spanish league title.Jurgen Klopp won the coach of the year award after steering Liverpool to Champions League glory, while USA star Megan Rapinoe won the women's award for her key role in their World Cup success over the summer.
Neymar and Barcelona are yet to settle their dispute over loyalty payments after a potential agreement to avoid a trial collapsed at the last minute on Friday.  The Brazil international visited Barcelona where he is suing the Spanish champions over an unpaid loyalty bonus of &#8364;26m (&#163;23m) but ultimately chose not to appear in court,Neymar's presence was not compulsory and only likely in case of a trial, so his absence was initially seen as a sign a last-minute agreement deal could be reached. But after spending the night in the Catalan city, Neymar left before proceedings began.Representatives for both parties presented evidence in their respective claims, although they still have time to reach an agreement before an October 21 deadline to present final written conclusions.Barca, meanwhile, are suing the forward for &#8364;8.5m in damages and demanding a reimbursement for part of a loyalty bonus they paid him in November 2016.Barcelona claim that because Neymar joined Paris Saint-Germain under a year after signing a contract which tied him to the club until 2021, the player failed to comply with its terms.Lawyers for the Catalan club said on Friday that by joining PSG less than a year after signing a contract which tied him to the club until 2021, Neymar failed to comply with its terms.Barcelona's lawyers said in court that the club did not pay the disputed bonus after it became clear Neymar was already in negotiations to join PSG. \"At that time it was perfectly clear that the player had no interest in staying in the club,\" said Barcelona lawyer Carles McCragh.Neymar's lawyers argue he began talks with PSG only after the Catalan club failed to make the payment.Neymar, who scored 105 goals in four seasons with Barca and won two La Liga titles, the Copa del Rey three times and the Champions League, was heavily linked with a return to the club during the summer.
Eden Hazard is looking forward to facing \"friend\" Diego Costa when Real Madrid travel to Atletico Madrid on Saturday. The pair enjoyed a successful spell at Chelsea together from 2014 to 2017, winning two Premier League titles and the EFL Cup.Costa moved to Atletico two years ago and Hazard arrived at Real this summer, with the duo coming up against each other for the first time in La Liga at the Wanda Metropolitano.Hazard: Real fans care more than Chelsea'sEuropean round-up: PSG stunned, Real topReal sit top of La Liga after six games and remain unbeaten, while Atletico are just one point behind them in third as both sides look to regain the Spanish title from back-to-back champions Barcelona, who have struggled so far this season.\"Diego Costa is the opposing player I want to come up against because he's my friend and we played together,\" Hazard told Real's official website. The 28-year-old Belgian international winger also revealed that he would \"love to score and win in the derby\" but that he will prepare for the game no differently to any other match.\"You know what the vibes are like in these games, the passion, the rivalry amongst fans, especially when you've got two teams from the same city, like Real Madrid and Atletico,\" he added.\"I want to score and win in the derby. I just want to make the fans happy. Your mentality in a derby is key and what's even more important is your desire. \"When you're a football player, you know what derbies are like. You know what you have to do, you just have to win; you don't need your teammates to tell you that.\"I just prepare for it in a normal way. I haven't got a special routine, I just try and focus before the game and do my best out on the pitch.\"Everything's different here. My unveiling was crazy, with so many people in the stadium. Real Madrid are incredible. I want us to win a lot of trophies this season\".
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.ItalyReal Madrid will strongly consider Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino if the La Liga giants opt to sack Zinedine Zidane. (CalcioMercato) Juventus remain interested in bringing Manchester United star Paul Pogba back to Turin and could make an offer for the midfielder - who is unhappy at Old Trafford - in January. (Tuttosport) After he turned down lucrative contract offers from clubs in Qatar, Mario Mandzukic is hopeful a move to Manchester United will materialise in the winter transfer window. The Red Devils were interested in the Croatian in the summer. (Tuttosport) Marco Giampaolo will be sacked by AC Milan if the Rossoneri fail to beat Fiorentina this weekend. After five Serie A matches Milan sit 13th in the table. (Corriere dello Sport) Former Juventus defender Andrea Barzagli has joined Maurizio Sarri's coaching staff and will work closely with Matthijs de Ligt in an attempt to mould him into the world's best centre-back. (Gazzetta dello Sport)SpainBarcelona have made Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz their number one target for the 2020 summer transfer window. The 23-year-old is also wanted by Real Madrid and Liverpool. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona have been fined &#163;265 by the Spanish FA for making an approach to Antoine Griezmann without the consent of Atletico Madrid. However, both clubs will appeal the decision. (Marca)Germany Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness says the club will reconsider a move for Manchester City winger Leroy Sane in the new year. \"We have to wait and see how his recovery is progressing. In January or February the new leaders will sit down and decide\".Schalke goalkeeper Alexander Nubel, who has been likened to Manuel Neuer, has turned down the opportunity to join RB Leipzig. The 22-year-old's contract expires at the end of the season. (Bild) TurkeyManchester City have added Leicester City defender Caglar Soyuncu to their list of defensive targets. The 23-year-old has filled the hole left by Harry Maguire in the Foxes' backline. (Fotospor) France Nice have started disciplinary proceedings against striker Lamine Diaby-Fadiga after the 18-year-old striker admitted to stealing a watch worth around &#163;65,000 from Kasper Dolberg. (AFP)

Paris Saint-Germain crashed to a shock 2-0 home defeat to Reims, the champions' second loss in Ligue 1 this season. Hassane Kamara headed Reims into a first-half lead and Boulaye Dia made sure of all three points for the visitors in the fourth minute of stoppage time.PSG, who beat Real Madrid at the Parc des Princes in the Champions League last week, went down to their first defeat of the season at Rennes in August.Thomas Tuchel's side remain top on goal difference, ahead of second-placed Angers, who maintained their impressive start to the season with a 2-0 win at Toulouse, sealed by two late Rachid Alioui goals.Alioui fired Angers into an 88th-minute lead direct from a free-kick and made sure of his side's fifth league win of the season by finishing off a swift counter-attack in the fifth minute of time added on.Angers stay second, two points above Lille, who secured their fourth straight home win, 2-0 against Strasbourg.Live football on Sky Sports this weekListen to the latest Sky Sports Football podcastsVictor Osimhen struck just before half-time and former Chelsea forward Loic Remy scored his first goal of the season soon after the hour mark.Abdoulaye Toure's second-half penalty kept Nantes level on points with Lille as it clinched his side a 1-0 home win against Rennes, whose winless run was extended to five matches. Bordeaux stretched their unbeaten run to six games after hitting back from behind to win 3-1 at Amiens.Steven Mendoza gave Amiens a second-minute lead, but Bordeaux responded through Yacine Adli's first-half double before Samuel Kalu (73) added their third.Lyon are without a win in five league games after being held 2-2 at Brest.Moussa Dembele's opener for Lyon was quickly cancelled out by Yoann Court, who fired a late equaliser after the visitors had regained the lead through Maxwel Cornet (69).Arnaud Souquet's first-half effort ensured a 1-0 home win for Montpellier against Nimes, while Saint-Etienne's miserable run continued with a 1-0 home defeat to Metz.Habib Diallo headed the only goal as Metz clinched their second league win of the season.Real on the riseReal Madrid took advantage of Athletic Bilbao's slip to go top of La Liga with a 2-0 win over Osasuna. Bilbao's 1-1 draw at bottom side Leganes left top spot up for grabs and although Atletico Madrid briefly seized pole position earlier in the evening, their city rivals overtook them.Brazilian teenagers Vinicius Junior, with his first goal since February, and debutant Rodrygo scored the goals for Real midway through either half as they moved ahead of Atletico by a point.Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane, who has been under scrutiny since their Champions League humbling at Paris Saint-Germain, left Karim Benzema, Eden Hazard and Thibaut Courtois on the bench but his much-changed side justified his selection. Atletico won 2-0 at struggling Real Mallorca thanks to goals from Diego Costa - his first since March - and Joao Felix, although they finished the game with 10 men after Alvaro Morata was sent off after receiving two quick yellow cards.Bilbao were held by Leganes, with just a point from their first five matches, after Raul Garcia's 59th-minute penalty was cancelled out when Oscar Rodriguez equalised two minutes later.Getafe came back from 3-1 down with 24 minutes remaining to draw 3-3 at Valencia.After taking a first-minute lead through Jaime Mata the visitors found themselves behind by the interval after Maxi Gomez (two) and Lee Kang-in turned things around. However, Jason and Angel scored within four minutes of each other to snatch a point.Inter Milan on the marchInter Milan returned to the top of the Serie A table thanks to a goal from Danilo D'Ambrosio - but Antonio Conte's side were lucky to squeeze past Lazio 1-0 at San Siro. D'Ambrosio headed in a Matteo Biraghi cross in the 23rd minute to set Inter on their way to a fifth win from five, yet the hero of the match was 'keeper Samir Handanovic, who repelled endless Lazio attempts.Failing to keep up with the pace-setters were Napoli, who fell to a surprise 1-0 home defeat by Cagliari. Dries Mertens hit both posts during the second half before Cagliari substitute Lucas Castro scored with a free header against the run of play in the 87th minute. Kalidou Koulibaly was sent off for dissent in the aftermath of the Sardinian strike and Napoli ran out of time to force a draw. Atalanta's fine start to the season continued as substitute Duvan Zapata and Marten De Roon scored in a 2-0 win at Roma that boosted the Bergamo side up to third.The Nerazzurri dominated at the Stadio Olimpico and, after several near misses in the first hour, Zapata emerged from the bench to convert Remo Freuler's assist in the 71st minute.Former Middlesbrough midfielder De Roon rubber-stamped a third La Dea victory in five matches with a sharp header.Fiorentina registered a first win of the campaign by resisting a Sampdoria fightback to triumph 2-1 at the Stadio Artemio Franchi.German Pezzella booted La Viola ahead in the 31st minute and, after Samp defender Jeison Murillo was sent off early in the second half, Federico Chiesa smashed home from a Dalbert flick-on. Substitute Federico Bonazzoli set up a tense finale by heading against the far post and then tucking away the rebound in the 79th minute, but Fiorentina held on to escape the bottom three.Marco Mancosu converted two penalties as promoted Lecce enjoyed another away day - this time beating Spal 3-1 in Ferrara.His first spot-kick was cancelled out by Federico Di Francesco's low curler for Spal, however Marco Calderoni reestablished Lecce's lead with a powerful finish from distance after half-time.Mancosu's second penalty - his fourth goal in three games - put the southerners out of sight in the 72nd minute.Parma were indebted to a Mehdi Bourabia own goal in the fifth minute of second-half stoppage time after Roberto Inglese missed a penalty and Gervinho had two goals disallowed in a 1-0 home win over Sassuolo.Elsewhere, Bologna's Nicola Sansone hit the bar with a poor Panenka penalty attempt as Genoa ground out a goalless draw at the Marassi.

The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.Italy Diego Costa could leave Atletico Madrid next summer with clubs in China and Qatar interested in the former Chelsea striker. Costa has struggled since he rejoined Atleti in January 2018 and has scored just five La Liga goals. (CalcioMercato)Former Leicester City and Nantes boss Claudio Ranieri could make a return to Ligue 1 management with Saint-Etienne interested in appointing the 67-year-old. (CalcioMercato)Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to offer full-back Thomas Meunier a new contract rather than lose him for nothing next summer. Several Premier League sides have been linked with the Belgian. (CalcioMercato)Watford scouts attended Brescia's 2-1 defeat to Juventus on Tuesday to run their eye over centre-back Andrea Cistana ahead of a potential move in January. Villarreal are also interested in the 22-year-old. (TuttoMercatoWeb) SpainFrenkie de Jong has confirmed he turned down Manchester City and PSG before signing with Barcelona. \"If it had not been Barcelona it would've been PSG or Manchester City,\" he said. \"My choice was Barcelona because they showed me the most love.\" (El Periodico)Boca Juniors are set to make a contract offer to Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 37-year-old striker's current deal with LA Galaxy expires in December. (AS) Barcelona legend Carles Puyol has turned down an offer from president Josep Maria Bartomeu to return to the club as sporting director. (AS) Germany Eintracht Frankfurt expected Bayern Munich to make a move for Sebastien Haller before the striker left for West Ham United. \"I always thought they would call us at some point for Haller, as a back-up for Lewandowski,\" sporting director Fredi Bobic said. (Sport Bild) RB Leipzig sporting director Markus Krosche believes Ademola Lookman will become an important part of the club's Bundesliga title challenge. \"He didn't play regularly at Everton last season and has to get back to the rhythm. He's on a very good path and will be extremely important for us.\" (Bild) Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes Philippe Coutinho will bring out the best of Robert Lewandowski \"He is a world-class player who makes the difference and is the ideal partner for Robert Lewandowski. We can expect a lot from this duo.\" (SID) FranceParis Saint-Germain are considering talks with Neymar over new contract. The Brazilian star remained in the French capital this summer despite wanting to return to Barcelona. (Le10Sport) 
Barcelona bounced back from a shock 2-0 defeat to Granada with a 2-1 home win over Villarreal to move up to fourth in the La Liga table. Antoine Griezmann and Arthur got the first-half goals at the Nou Camp as Barcelona moved to within a point of top trio Granada, Athletic Bilbao and Real Madrid.Ernesto Valverde's side did not have it all their own way as Santi Cazorla pulled a goal back for Villarreal just before half-time.La Liga tableSerie A tableBut that was as close as the visitors came to registering another shock result against Barcelona with the defeat leaving Villarreal eighth in the table.Granada still lead La Liga on 11 points, while Barcelona are fourth, but just a point behind on 10.Juventus came from behind to go top of Serie A with a 2-1 win at Brescia on Tuesday as Mario Balotelli marked his return to Italian football.Alfredo Donnarumma gave the hosts an early lead at the Stadio Mario Rigamonti but Juve hit back through a Jhon Chancellor own goal and a Miralem Pjanic strike either side of the break.Balotelli made his debut for his hometown club after completing a four-match suspension that he was handed at Olympique de Marseille last season, while the visitors were without Cristiano Ronaldo as he recovers from injury.Maurizio Sarri's side edged an entertaining encounter to continue their unbeaten start to the season and move on to 13 points at the summit of the table, one ahead of Inter Milan. However, Inter can return to the top by beating Lazio at San Siro on Wednesday, while a draw would also be enough to send Antonio Conte's side top on goal difference.
Barcelona face an anxious wait over the fitness of playmaker Lionel Messi after the Argentinian was injured during the 2-1 home win over Villarreal. Messi did not make it past half-time at the Nou Camp before suffering an abductor muscle injury during the first half of the La Liga encounter.Manager Ernesto Valverde said of Messi: \"It's some discomfort in the abductor and so we didn't want to risk it.\"Messi was making his return from a right calf injury which had kept him out of the Barcelona line-up since pre-season, but he only lasted 45 minutes.Barcelona visit Getafe on Saturday before hosting Inter Milan in the Champions League and Valverde will want Messi available as Barcelona bid to make up for a slow start to the season.Barca and Juve win, Balotelli returnsValverde added: \"When something happens to [Lionel] Messi, the world stops. Not only here at Barcelona. I don't think it is serious. We did not want to take any risk. We will see anyway. We will see tomorrow [Wednesday]. I cannot tell you anything now. He has been injured for a long time and we do not want to take any risks at the moment.\"A shock 2-0 defeat to Granada came before the 2-1 win over Villarreal which moved Barcelona up to fourth in the table.Antoine Griezmann and Arthur scored for the home side with Santi Cazorlareplying for the visitors.
Lionel Messi beat Virgil van Dijk and Cristiano Ronaldo to win the best men&#8217;s player award at the Best FIFA awards. The Barcelona star scored more league goals than anyone else in Europe last season, registering 36 times as he helped the Spanish side win another La Liga title.It is also the sixth time the 32-year-old has scooped the award, now seeing him move one ahead of rival Cristiano Ronaldo.Revealed: Who did Ronaldo and Messi vote for?Jurgen Klopp wins Best FIFA men's coach awardBielsa and Leeds win FIFA Fair Play awardRapinoe named FIFA best women's playerThe duo have dominated the award since 2008, with their string of victories only interrupted by Luka Modric last year.It was the second award of the night for the Argentinean forward, who was also included in the men's team of the 2018-19 season - as voted for by their fellow professionals.Who did Ronaldo and Messi vote for?FIFA have revealed the breakdown of the vote, with some interesting surprises among the selections.Messi went for Liverpool winger Sadio Mane and had Ronaldo as his second pick, but Ronaldo did not return the favour, omitting Messi from his top three while opting for Juventus team-mate Matthijs de Ligt as his first option.Full story: Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Virgil van Dijk's votes in FIFA Best awards revealedWho was selected in the team of the year?Alisson picked up the individual goalkeeping accolade as well as being selected in the best XI after helping Liverpool to the Champions League title and Brazil win the Copa America.Matthijs de Ligt (Netherlands, Juventus), Sergio Ramos (Spain, Real Madrid), Virgil van Dijk (Netherlands, Liverpool) and Marcelo (Brazil, Real Madrid) made up the defence.The midfield featured Luka Modric (Croatia, Real Madrid), Frenkie de Jong (Netherlands, Ajax) and Eden Hazard (Belgium, Real Madrid).While up front it was Kylian Mbappe (France, Paris Saint-Germain), Lionel Messi (Argentina, Barcelona) and Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal, Juventus).Merson: What more does Van Dijk have to do? Paul Merson gave his reaction to the awards on The Debate, and believes Van Dijk should have won the best men's player accolade.He said: \"Messi has done what he does every season, he hasn't taken Barcelona to another level and won them the Champions League. You win it because you've done something special, which Van Dijk has done.\"Messi won it because they started [the awards] in 2016, and for the first two years, Cristiano Ronaldo won it and last year, Luka Modric won it. Now they've got to give it to Messi. \"What does Van Dijk have to do? He took the Netherlands to the Nations League final and he's taken Liverpool to another level. If the coach is getting the manager of the year, how is the player not getting the best player? It's all about the moment and he should have won it.\"Fellow panellist Darren Bent had a differing opinion and thinks Messi was the right winner in Milan.\"I believe he should have won it,\" he said. \"51 goals in 50 games from last season is absolutely insane and he carries Barcelona on his back, which he has done for years and years. For the last few seasons, Barcelona haven't been a very good team but Messi has managed to keep going.\"A WEIRD WATCH: Jose's alien experience  
The transfer window is closed until January but there is still plenty of juicy news stories emerging across the continent, from potential managerial changes to contract extensions and potential signings for 2020. Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest...ItalyManchester United have made former Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri their primary candidate to replace Ole Gunnar Solskj&#230;r if the club decide to sack the Norwegian coach. (Tuttosport) Fikayo Tomori is the next Chelsea academy graduate set for an improved contract. The centre-back has impressed this season and is expected to follow Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Mason Mount and Callum Hudson-Odoi in signing a new deal. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Chelsea will also open contract talks with Emerson after he established himself as the club's first-choice left-back. The Blues will offer the Italian international a five-and-a-half-year deal. (TuttoMercatoWeb)Manchester United scouts have watched Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali on several occasions this season. The 19-year-old has been dubbed the 'new Pirlo' and would cost around &#163;40m. (Calciomercato) Spain Real Madrid are monitoring Manchester City star Raheem Sterling ahead of a potential move for the England international. (Mundo Deportivo) Lionel Messi needed one training session to know Barcelona's 16-year-old winger Ansu Fati was a special talent. \"He got my attention the first time I saw him train, but he has to go step-by-step,\" the Argentine said. \"He has the potential to be very important but we have to help him.\" (Sport)Ernesto Valverde does not feel under pressure despite Barcelona's poor start to the season. \"Crisis? Football is like this. You go into crisis in three days and out in the same way. The best way for everything to be calm is to add six points in the next two games.\" (Sport)Brazilian youngster Rodrygo, who joined Real Madrid this summer for &#163;35m, has played just 90 minutes of football this season and is stuck in \"no man's land\" between the first-team and Real's B side. (AS) France Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot is unhappy with his lack of first-team football this season. Rabiot arrived on a free transfer this summer after leaving Paris Saint-Germain but has played just 27 minutes under Maurizio Sarri. (Soccer Link) GermanyBorussia Dortmund scouts will monitor the progress of Celtic forward Odsonne Edouard this season ahead of a potential move next summer. (Sky Germany) 
Real Madrid bounced back from their humbling Champions League defeat to Paris Saint-Germain with a battling 1-0 victory against Sevilla on Sunday night.  A towering header from Karim Benzema gave Madrid the impressive win to go level on points at the top of La Liga on Sunday, offering the perfect response to their recent humiliating Champions League defeat in Paris.Benzema gave the visitors the lead against former Real coach Julen Lopetegui's Sevilla midway through the second half in a tense game, timing his jump to perfection to meet a cross from Dani Carvajal on the byline and send the ball high into the net.Sevilla's former Madrid striker Javier Hernandez put the ball in the net for the hosts late in the game but his effort was correctly ruled out for offside, and Real hung on to claim their first win at the Sanchez Pizjuan stadium in five seasons.The victory saw Madrid climb into second place on 11 points after five games, level with leaders Athletic Bilbao, while Sevilla tumbled from top spot at the start of the weekend to fifth on 10 points.What's happened to Real Madrid?Valencia were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Leganes on Sunday amid fans' protests against club owner Peter Lim for his recent decision to fire the team's popular coach.Sunday's latest scoresSome fans at Mestalla Stadium loudly chanted \"Peter Lim, leave!\" before and after kick-off. Others protested outside the stadium before the match.Singapore businessman Lim fired successful coach Marcelino Garca Toral last week after he criticised the club's lack of reinforcements for his squad.Real Sociedad striker Willian Jos scored twice in the first half to help earn a 3-1 victory at Espanyol, who are now in the relegation zone.Getafe beat Mallorca 4-2 at home for their first league win this season.Llorente loving lifeFernando Llorente's free transfer to Napoli is paying large dividends as the Spanish striker scored two goals and set up another in a 4-1 win at promoted Lecce in Serie A.Receiving his first start since joining Napoli on deadline day, Llorente was ready and well-positioned when a shot from Milik ricocheted into his path, using one touch to put Napoli ahead midway through the first half.Then Napoli were awarded a penalty when Panagiotis Tachtsidis used his arm to clear a cross from Llorente.Lorenzo Insigne's first effort from the penalty spot was saved but goalkeeper Gabriel was adjudged to have stepped off his line too early and Insigne smashed his second shot into the top corner.Eight minutes from time, Llorente got his second.Fabian Ruiz also scored for Napoli after the break with a blistering effort from beyond the area, before Marco Mancosu pulled one back for Lecce with a penalty.Napoli moved up to third, three points behind perfect Inter Milan and one point behind eight-time defending champions Juventus.Fiorentina full-back Dalbert Henrique became the third player targeted with racist chants in Serie A this season.The offensive chants prompted a brief suspension during the first half of a 2-2 draw at Atalanta.Federico Chiesa and Franck Ribery scored for Fiorentina before Josip Ilicic and Timothy Castagne replied for Atalanta in the final minutes.Roma are fourth, one point behind Napoli, after beating Bologna 2-1 with a stoppage-time header from Edin Dzeko.Sassuolo beat Spal 3-0 with a double from Francesco Caputo in an Emilia-Romagna derby, and Sampdoria defeated Torino 1-0 with a close-range goal from Manolo Gabbiadini.Neymar rescues PSGNeymar struck late again as Paris Saint-Germain beat Olympique Lyonnais 1-0 to strengthen their Ligue 1 lead.The Brazil forward, who scored the only goal against Racing Strasbourg last weekend, found the back of the net three minutes from time to put PSG on 15 points from six games, leaving Lyon in ninth place seven points behind.Second-placed Angers, who demolished Saint-Etienne 4-1 earlier on Sunday, are three points off the pace.Also on Sunday, Stade Rennes drew 1-1 at home to Lille.Dortmund stumble againBorussia Dortmund floundered again in the Bundesliga with a 2-2 draw at Eintracht Frankfurt.An own-goal from Thomas Delaney on 88 minutes earned Frankfurt a share of the points and dropped Dortmund a point behind Bayern Munich and three behind early leader Leipzig.Dortmund had already lost 3-1 at Union Berlin and have 10 points after five games.Axel Witsel gave Dortmund an early lead after being picked out by Thorgan Hazard in the 11th minute.Both teams maintained a furious pace but Frankfurt gradually gained the ascendency and Andre Silva duly equalized. It was the Portuguese forward's first goal for Frankfurt since arriving on loan from Milan.Jadon Sancho scored for a reinvigorated Dortmund after the break, the English teenager firing in from close range on 66 minutes after Witsel sent the rebound across goal after Kevin Trapp had parried Raphal Guerreiro's free-kick.But Dortmund defender Mats Hummels had already gone off with an apparent back injury and Frankfurt kept pushing for another equalizer.The home side's persistence was rewarded when Martin Hinteregger fired the ball across the face of goal to the back post. Frankfurt substitute Daichi Kamada shot at goal and Delaney deflected it in while attempting to clear from almost point-blank range.Substitute Marcus Thuram scored twice as Borussia Monchengladbach came from behind to beat Fortuna Dusseldorf 2-1 for their first win at home since January.
