Raheem Sterling tried to grab Joe Gomez by the neck and said \"you think you're the big man now?\" during the England pair's row at St George's Park, <em>Sky Sports News</em> understands. After they clashed towards the end of Liverpool's 3-1 win over Manchester City on Sunday, emotions carried over into the England team canteen on Monday.Sterling apologises for Gomez England rowNeville: Southgate right to drop SterlingGomez was the first Liverpool player to arrive at the training base and was with a group of England team-mates when Sterling walked in around lunchtime.Sky Sports News understands the Manchester City forward took offence and said to Gomez \"you think you're the big man now?\", which the other players thought was 'banter'.Sterling is then thought to have walked up to Gomez before trying to grab his neck, Gomez reacted angrily and the two players had to be separated by team-mates before the pair left the canteen.That is when Liverpool captain and senior England midfielder Jordan Henderson is believed to have stepped in to play peacemaker, after Sterling had packed his bags and was preparing to leave the camp.Henderson, who was yet to arrive at St George's Park, was tipped off by a member of staff at Liverpool about the falling out, so arranged for both Sterling and Gomez to meet in one of the players' bedrooms.It is there Henderson mediated on the phone while both players gave their version of events at Anfield and the England canteen. It is understood the call lasted approximately 25 minutes.The rest of the England squad believed Sterling had left and was not coming back after he exited the private part of the Hilton hotel reserved for the players.Sky Sports News understands the atmosphere between Sterling and Gomez at the time was too hostile for both of them to remain together in camp. But Sterling is understood to have apologised to Gomez, the two players ended the discussion as friends and, for them, the matter is at an end.Sterling also confirmed in a subsequent Instagram post that he and Gomez had \"figured things out and moved on\". Gomez is also understood to have issued a personal plea to manager Gareth Southgate not to send Sterling home, which happened after Henderson's intervention and after the City player had left the reserved area of the hotel.England boss Southgate has decided dropping Sterling for the next European Qualifier against Montenegro on Thursday is sufficient punishment.Gomez and Sterling both appeared at England training on Tuesday with the Liverpool man sporting a scratch beneath his right eye. Neville: Southgate right to drop SterlingSky Sports' Gary Neville...\"I've been involved in quite a few of these things over the years with England and there is no right or wrong in a way, in the sense that I've seen managers sweep it under the carpet, and try to keep a low profile on these sorts of things. \"I've also seen managers go public, as Gareth has. What I would say is that the decision that Gareth has made... I feel like it's the right one without knowing the detail of what's gone on.\"There's nothing worse than sweeping it under the carpet, and then all the players going back to their own rooms they all share together, and having that feeling that they're all talking about you being weak, and that you've not dealt with it because he's a big player and that he's shied away from a big decision.\" 'He knows he overstepped the mark'Sky Sports News reporter Kaveh Solhekol...\"Gareth Southgate has been firm but fair. The last thing he wants is for cliques to appear in his squad like the days when Manchester United and Liverpool players used to eat at separate tables.\"As a leader, Southgate had three options in this case. He could have downplayed it and dealt with it behind closed doors, he could have sent Raheem Sterling home or he could have dropped him from the next game. \"By choosing option three he has kept arguably his best player in his squad as well as sending a strong message that he will not tolerate club rivalries disrupting the peace and harmony at St George's Park.\"Southgate has four Liverpool players in this squad and two from Manchester City. Apart from this one-off incident there is no issue between Joe Gomez, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jordan Henderson, and Sterling and John Stones.\"After the Montenegro clash at Wembley, England travel to Kosovo on Sunday, knowing just a point from these next two games will be enough to qualify for Euro 2020.
Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker&#8217;s agent Mino Raiola, plus more from Tuesday's European press. Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyJuventus are interested in Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong and may make an approach for the 19-year-old in January when his contract at Old Trafford will have just six months to run. (CalcioMercato) Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker's agent Mino Raiola about a potential move in January. The 19-year-old has failed to score in his four Premier League appearances since his move from Juventus. (CalcioMercato) Roma have offered Lorenzo Pellegrini a new contract amid interest from Tottenham. The midfielder's current deal contains a &#163;25m release clause which the Serie A club want to remove. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to submit an offer of around &#163;35m to Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland and will also make a move for his Norway team-mate Sander Berge, who is valued at &#163;17m by Genk. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus and AC Milan are prepared to rival Inter Milan in the race to sign Dries Mertens. The Napoli forward's contract expires next summer and could be available for a cut-price fee in January. (Il Mattino)SpainBarcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and will open talks with the Brazilian in January over a free transfer to the Camp Nou next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid winger Lucas Vazquez turned down approaches from Manchester United, Arsenal and Bayern Munich this summer as he didn't want to leave the Spanish capital. (Cadena Ser) Paris Saint-Germain are interested in Real Madrid star Vinicius Junior and could make an offer for the Brazilian next summer or demand the 19-year-old is included in any potential deal for Kylian Mbappe. (Sport) Former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz has been offered to Espanyol by Real Madrid as the La Liga giants attempt to trim their squad. (Sport) Ivan Rakitic is unhappy with his lack of first-team football at Barcelona. \"I've had the ball taken away from me and I'm sad about it,\" he said. \"What I want is to continue having fun, that's the most important thing. I can only have fun by playing.\" (Movistar+)GermanyBayern Munich will attempt to lure Pep Guardiola back to the club next summer as the Manchester City boss is no longer happy at the Etihad Stadium. However, it's believed the Catalan coach will take an international job when he leaves City. (Sport Bild)  The other two frontrunners to take charge at the Allianz Arena on a permanent basis are Paris Saint-Germain head coach Thomas Tuchel and Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. (Sport Bild) Borussia Dortmund want to sign a striker in January and have looked into potential deals for Chelsea's Olivier Giroud, Juventus' Mario Mandzukic and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who will leave LA Galaxy next month. (Bild) FranceReal Madrid have prepared a package of &#163;340m to secure the signing of Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. (Le Parisien) 
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah has been ruled out of Egypt's upcoming matches against Kenya and Comoros with an ankle injury. Egypt confirmed Salah's absence with pictures of the forward wearing a protective boot on his left ankle.Salah scored in Liverpool's 3-1 win over Manchester City on Sunday before being taken off in the 87th minute.He has been suffering with ongoing soreness in his ankle since the win over Leicester on October 5, and had to be substituted towards the end of the 2-1 win over Tottenham two weeks ago.Salah had indicated his desire to play for his country, the Egyptian Football Association said, but was ruled out following a meeting between the national team doctor, head coach and captain. He met up with the Egypt squad in Cairo on Tuesday morning and underwent tests, the EFA said in a statement.Liverpool's next match is away to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on November 23.
In the latest Off Script, Louis Saha and Tim Cahill talk about the role of forwards in modern football, and whether every striker must score at least 20 goals a season. Saha, who enjoyed a fine career in England with Fulham, Manchester United, Everton, Tottenham and Sunderland, is routinely praised by former team-mates for his influence on a team outside of goalscoring.Sky Sports' Gary Neville recently said Saha is one of the best forwards he ever played with and against, although his goalscoring record at United was around one in every three games. Download the latest Off Script podcastAll Sky Sports' Off Script episodes and podcastsSo, in this day and age of front threes, false nines and goalscoring wingers, we asked Saha and his former Everton team-mate Cahill whether the traditional idea of a forward scoring the majority of a side's goals needs a rethink...'I had something different'Saha scored 28 goals in 86 Premier League appearances for United, and then 27 in 97 for Everton. His worth to Sir Alex Ferguson eventually resulted in Ruud van Nistelrooy's departure from Old Trafford in 2006. The Frenchman explains how his qualities differed to the traditional No 9, and how his link-up play enabled the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney to develop...\"There are so many profiles for forwards, and it was very competitive at Manchester United, but I knew I had something that other players didn't have. I was more of a linker, so I would bring people into the game, and someone who can adapt to different games.\"It's something that is up to the squad, and the philosophy of the team, and the way Sir Alex Ferguson was playing. I understand I had my qualities, and I could embrace that every game.Nev: Why the English game is so healthyHodgson Off Script: MNF, books & 'back then'\"When you have players like Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney, young but with so much quality, and sometimes when you have a character who is asking for the ball all of the time and asking for the attention, it was maybe a bit harder for those youngsters to develop. \"So I had that profile, to bring them a bit more together, and that was the decision of the manager, and it was something I was very proud of.\"'We called him the King'Just how beneficial were Saha's qualities? One man who would know is Cahill, who played with Saha for three-and-a-half years at Goodison Park, and who himself transformed from a midfielder to a forward during attacking phases. \"When Louis first signed for Everton the players were so excited because we knew how he could link up on the pitch, with pace and power. We called him the King at Everton, and I always saw Louis as someone who would create space.Off Script: Neville's band of brothersOff Script: Maddison on fame, cricket and MNF\"Wherever he was, he would attract two defenders. So I could always benefit off his movement. And I couldn't tell you if he was right foot or left foot, he was confident on both. We had [Marouane] Fellaini here at the time, sometimes he wouldn't score too many goals but he would bring so many players into the game. \"We were midfielders, who transitioned into strikers. We couldn't afford to buy too many players so we had to make do. Back then, we played for the team, we didn't play for ourselves, so we had to fill holes and fill gaps. If you don't score, it doesn't matter, because the fans knew what the badge meant to us.\"But I don't mind selfish strikers. The best thing about them is you know they're going to score, you have to feed them and give them that appetite for them to finish. Understanding the players' attitudes and emotions, and playing to them. That's how you win and lose games.\"But the defending was just as important as the attacking. We took great pride with our set plays; the way we set up, the line, the distances in-between players. That was the ethos: defend just as well as you attack.\"'They were animals in front of goal'Saha says watching the likes of Van Nistelrooy and Cahill forced him to go the extra mile, and gave an insight into how obsessed they were in front of goal...\"When I see Tim and his career, and people who work hard. I was a striker, but I was more a forward. Every training session we had, Cahill was obsessed in front of goal. He wanted to connect with the ball in a certain way, he wanted to make sure that he took every opportunity. He had to work really hard, and had to be really focused. You have to have that drive and commitment, which isn't easy to teach.Find out more about Sky SportsLive Football: What's on Sky Sports this week\"What happens in life is you have experiences to make you realise you have to go the extra mile, have extra concentration. These things came later, and I was helped by training sessions I had with Ruud van Nistelrooy or Tim, these guys were animals in front of goal. \"When I saw this, I thought: 'If I don't do this, I'm not going to play.' That's the actual standard that these guys showed me in front of my eyes, week in, week out.\"There are few players you cross in your career, Yakubu had it too, the ball would also just come back to them always, I don't know why! This is a special thing. For me, it's a mojo, that makes you do extra things without feeling the pain. When these things go, it's hard.\"Everton runs in the familyWith Tim Cahill's 14-year-old son, Shae, joining the Everton academy this month, the Australian explains what advice, and more importantly mindset, he will look to impart....\"It's a very proud moment for me as a father. The biggest thing for me retiring was for my children first of all, and my son Shae is fortunate enough to be part of the Everton Academy.\"For me as a father, it's more about me helping him follow his dreams; he'll understand the pitfalls, and the dedication and sacrifice he needs to put in, but low and behold it's a great platform for him as a young man. \"The big thing for me is simplifying it for them, helping them understand the concept of being a footballer, the dedication involved and your mindset. What you put in is what you get back. Even if you don't see the rewards, which you won't as a youngster, it's all about the growth and maturation.\"But Shae's application to training, and not only training but to school, will set him apart. For me, I focused on the basics, and when you have so many eyes looking at you, if you do the basics well, after that we'll see where it takes him.\"But there's no pressure from me as a father, but when you choose to be a footballer, that's a responsibility you choose, and if you don't, there are levels you can play at because England is such an amazing place to play football.\"
Fabian Delph has withdrawn from the England squad and returned to Everton for rehabilitation from a hamstring injury. England boss Gareth Southgate will not call up a replacement for Delph ahead of their European Qualifier against Montenegro on Thursday night.Sterling and Gomez: What happened in 'big man' row?Henderson in; injured Heaton and Barkley outDelph first missed Everton's loss at West Ham in October due to a hamstring complaint and returned to the starting line-up for clashes against Watford and Tottenham, but then sat out the Toffees' win at Southampton on Saturday.\"The midfielder arrived with an injury but it was hoped he would be available to play a part in the Three Lions' forthcoming UEFA EURO 2020 qualifiers,\" said a statement on Tuesday night.\"However, it has now been decided that Delph is unlikely to feature and will return to his club for further rehabilitation.\"England have already seen Chelsea midfielder Ross Barkley and Aston Villa goalkeeper Tom Heaton leave the St George's Park training camp through injury, with only Sheffield United goalkeeper Dean Henderson called up as a replacement.It leaves Southgate with a 25-man squad at his disposal, although Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling will also be unavailable for selection on Thursday night following a row with Liverpool defender Joe Gomez at St George's Park on Monday. Sky Sports News understands the pair clashed in the training ground canteen, with Sterling trying to grab Gomez's neck after taking offence to him laughing with several other England team-mates upon his arrival.Southgate decided to drop Sterling for the game at Wembley on Thursday after Gomez, who later received the winger's apology, issued a personal plea not to send him home.
West Ham are without a Premier League win since September 22, a run of six games, so where have things gone wrong for the Hammers? Since moving joint-third with a 2-0 win over Manchester United, West Ham have conceded 13 goals, scored only six and slumped to 16th in the Premier League table.Burnley 3-0 West Ham - match report and highlightsPellegrini worried by Hammers slumpLanzini to have surgery on fractured collarbone\"Of course it is a concern how the performances have dipped,\" Manuel Pellegrini told Sky Sports following his side's 3-0 defeat to Burnley on Saturday.\"It's a very difficult moment, but we have to perform as a team. In this moment we have a lot of poor performances from a lot of players and now we are trying to recover, not only the results but the trust too.\"I don't know if today was unacceptable, but there were big mistakes for the goals. The first goal a set piece, it was a corner which was not a corner so that was a mistake from the referee, but we must defend it anyway. Then there were two very big mistakes. \"It's more than confidence, we are conceding too many goals. Three against Newcastle, three set pieces. If you concede so many difficult goals, it is very difficult to win.\"The Hammers' dip in form was sparked by Pellegrini electing to field an under-strength team in the Carabao Cup third-round clash with Oxford United. The Sky Bet League One side duly thrashed them 4-0 at the Kassam Stadium - and things have unravelled ever since. Roberto struggling to replicate Fabianski influenceWest Ham allowed Adrian to depart in the summer, but that now looks a poor decision after Roberto's recent displays.Pellegrini was always going to miss his first-choice goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski when the Poland international suffered a hip injury in the 2-2 draw at Bournemouth.Fabianski made more saves (149) than any other goalkeeper in the Premier League last season while only Liverpool's Alisson (77) had a higher save percentage than the 34-year-old (72.5) of those goalkeepers who were ever-present last term. West Ham lost just one of their opening seven league games with the former Arsenal stopper between the posts, but they are without a win in the five games that Roberto has deputised.During the dramatic 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace in early October, the 33-year-old Spaniard started his first league game since April 2018 - and there have been signs of rust over the past month. Roberto was at fault in recent defeats by Everton and Newcastle, and scored a calamitous own goal in the 3-0 defeat at Burnley.He was also to blame for the hosts' second at Turf Moor, throwing the ball out to Fabian Balbuena with his back to play, allowing Dwight McNeil to nip in and set up Chris Wood to score. David Martin, the 33-year-old signed on a free transfer from Millwall, is the alternative option. Is a summer of poor recruitment starting to bite?Sebastien Haller looked like he had arrived in the Premier League after scoring three goals in two games following the opening day 5-0 loss to Manchester City, but there is a growing feeling that defences have figured him out.Haller was very effective last season with Eintracht Frankfurt playing as the focal point of a three-pronged attack, flanked by Luka Jovic and Ante Rebic - but he has looked isolated at times in a claret and blue shirt. The Frenchman scored 20 goals last season, but a lack of pace has underpinned his struggles to replicate that return, and indeed the impact Marko Arnautovic made as a makeshift striker last season before he became aware of Shanghai SIPG's interest.In the summer, Pellegrini insisted on Mario Husillos being brought in as the club's new director of football - and it was his connection with Malaga that saw Roberto and Pablo Fornals arrive in east London.Javier Hernandez was allowed to join Sevilla on the belief that Albian Ajeti could fill the void, but the Switzerland forward has fallen desperately short of the necessary quality so far.Should Diangana and Cullen be recalled? The Chilean insisted last week that Grady Diangana will remain on loan at West Brom after speculation that the winger might return following his scintillating displays while out on loan at The Hawthorns.But with Manuel Lanzini having undergone surgery on Monday after fracturing his collarbone against Burnley, there will be renewed calls for the 21-year-old to be brought back to London. The form of Josh Cullen under former Hammer Lee Bowyer at Charlton is also a sore point among fans, who believe the first team could benefit from having the Republic of Ireland midfielder as an option while the ineffectual 33-year-old Carlos Sanchez remains at the club.Hammers hamstrung by questionable selectionsWest Ham have undoubtedly been hampered by the loss of key personnel with the pace and physicality of Michail Antonio also missing since the end of August. But Pellegrini has not helped himself with his team selections in recent weeks.Angelo Ogbonna was dropped after the 2-0 loss to Everton, but his replacement Balbuena has not inspired confidence. Ryan Fredericks was also taken out of the side following that defeat at Goodison Park, but the fleet-footed full-back seemed the ideal option to counteract the pace of Allan Saint-Maximin when Newcastle came to the London Stadium.Instead, Pellegrini left supporters bemused by selecting Pablo Zabaleta, and Steve Bruce's side wreaked havoc during a 3-2 defeat that flattered the home side. Paul Merson told The Debate: \"The team he picked to start with on Saturday you're playing Burnley who just got ripped to shreds by Sheffield United, so you know Sean Dyche is getting that team up for it.\"He brought in Fornals to play on the wing, who hasn't played a lot, Felipe Anderson on the other wing... this is Burnley away.\"Loss of form to key players After West Ham lost their opening four league games last season, Pellegrini moved away from his preferred 4-2-3-1 formation and deployed a 4-3-3 system that allowed Declan Rice to flourish alongside Mark Noble and Pedro Obiang in midfield.But Obiang has since been allowed to join Sassuolo, while Felipe Anderson - another who benefited from the change in formation - has now scored just one Premier League goal in his last 28 matches.Rice's performances have dipped since he was criticised for his role in England's 2-1 defeat to Czech Republic last month, and the 20-year-old midfielder may only now be learning to manage the heightened expectations on his shoulders. But he gave an honest appraisal following West Ham's latest defeat, saying: \"We were bullied all over the pitch - Burnley were winning everything. It's not good enough.\"It's been like this since the Crystal Palace game. We were nowhere near good enough. We haven't kicked on and we have been poor.\"There is a real buzz around the place during the week but when it gets to the game and we go 1-0 down our heads drop. We need to do the basics - the simple five-yard passing, the tackling.\" Do West Ham need to act on Pellegrini?The former Manchester City manager is the third-highest-paid Premier League manager on &#163;8m-a-year - behind Pep Guardiola and Mauricio Pochettino - so it is unlikely that West Ham will act in the immediate future.But something has to swiftly change. The Hammers host Tottenham after the international break with trips to Chelsea and Wolves before Arsenal travel to the London Stadium on December 9, live on Monday Night Football. Merson added: \"I thought he was in trouble after the Burnley game, with the two-week break. You've got to remember they played Newcastle at home the week before, and they let in three goals.\"I can't remember the last time Newcastle got three, no disrespect to them, but if they're not going to give it at home, what chance have they got away to Burnley? He didn't pick the right team, and they got ripped to shreds. \"I did their game against Burnley for Soccer Saturday, and that was one of the worst performances from them that I've seen.West Ham Fixtures | Premier League TableHow to watch Premier League highlights\"As soon as Mark Noble went off injured after about 10 minutes or so, you might as well have taken the rest of the team off. Without Noble, I don't know who gets this team up. I don't see who drives them on. It was so lacklustre. \"Without Noble in the team with West Ham United, you can take the United out of the team because he's the one who drives this team forward, he's the one who cares and he's the one who gets everybody going. I was shocked.\"I've looked at their fixtures, and from about six weeks ago when I was thinking they could be in a European race, these are going to be in the bottom three in five weeks' time.\"They miss Lukasz Fabianski&#8230; Roberto had a game to forget. He makes a difference, but they're struggling. They're going to be in a relegation battle from Christmas onwards.\"
Paul Merson gets his teeth stuck into the Super Sunday clash at Anfield, telling us if Liverpool will finally now win the league, which player was to blame for Man City's loss, whether it was a penalty or not and why there is trouble in store for the champions. No FA charge for GuardiolaRef Watch: VAR correct on pen callNeville's Liverpool verdictLiverpool overcame Pep Guardiola's side 3-1 in a pulsating clash that produced a number of talking points - and as ever, speaking on The Debate, the former Arsenal and England man has not held back in his views...If Liverpool don't win it this year, they never willLiverpool have lost one game in the last 51 and they have played Man City three times in that time, so I just do not see them losing four or five games 'till the end of the season.That is what they would have to lose as City would not be able to afford to lose any games if they only lost three.So for me, I think it is Liverpool's to throw away - if they do not win it this year, I cannot tell you when they will win it again.I do not see City catching them, not with their defensive problems at the moment. They are just nowhere near good enough defensively.And I just think Liverpool are too good and I just do not see them getting beaten by any of the lesser teams. And if they do, they have to score two or three goals, which is not going to happen.Penalty call a game-changer I thought it was a penalty and City were very unfortunate - I still think they have to carry on playing and too many of their players stopped. When the ball is cleared out to Fabinho, there is nobody near him. So the players are still arguing with the referee, or they have stopped playing.But for me, if he [Trent Alexander-Arnold] does not handball it, [Raheem] Sterling scores, or he has a clear chance. You can always tell with a player because he moves his arm away so quickly and you can tell with [Sergio] Aguero, he completely and utterly stops.It is a game-changer - you do not want to be 1-0 down at Anfield after just six minutes as the name of the game is to get there and try and quieten the fans down for 20 minutes as I do not know any place like Anfield when it gets going.The fans are phenomenal, so that was a game-changer straight away.It would have been a big call for the VAR and the ref to cancel the goal, go all the way back up the other end and give a penalty to City and for them to go 1-0 up at Anfield - that would have been a big call.Because they looked at that handball very quickly for me. I see at Tottenham the other day, nearly four minutes for an offside, which was probably a toe.That was a handball in a big football match and they looked at probably the worst angle, it just happened quickly. When you look at the other ones, the bird's eye view, it is as plain as anything.They were very fortunate, but they took advantage.Kompany questions Liverpool openerHits and misses: Man Utd swagger backIt feels like Liverpool's yearEderson's absence a massive factor in the result The goalie has to save it (Fabinho's opening goal), that can only go one place that shot.Ederson is in a different league (to Claudio Bravo). He is one of the best keepers in the world, you would go as far as saying he is in the top 10 goalies of all time.What can't he do? He has one of the best left foots in the game, he can hit a ball 60-70 yards, he is comfortable and can probably play central midfield, he is a great shot-stopper, he comes out and makes the right decisions and he plays as a sweeper.Ederson and Bravo are like chalk and cheese and he was a massive difference in that game as well - Ederson saves the first shot, no question about it, and then that could be a penalty as they have not scored a goal, so it is easier to turn it around.Liverpool midfield unsung, but it's the forwards who matter most I do not think they (Jordan Henderson, Fabinho and Georginio Wijnaldum) are the Fab Three, I think the forwards are the Fab Three. And you take Virgil van Dijk out of the back four and they are no longer the Fab Four.That midfield three of Liverpool is a very good hard-working midfield that play to a way that gives the full-backs a great opportunity to bomb forward. They do so much hard work.I can understand they are unsung heroes and I do not think they get the credit they deserve, but they are not the best three midfielders in the world of football.You look at the front three and that is the best three as a three in the world of football. That midfield three, in my opinion, is not the best in the world. But they are unsung.You could put Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in that midfield and not weaken it, but could you put another (attacking) player in that team and take one of them out and you would not weaken it? No chance. Problems on the horizon for City You have to remember that City have Chelsea at home next who are good going forward and if you are talking about a team who are going to give you problems at the back with Tammy Abraham, Mason Mount, Christian Pulisic.This is going to be a problem game and if they do not win that game and Liverpool win&#8230;They have to get through them games next (Newcastle (a), Burnley (a), Man Utd (h), Arsenal (a), Leicester (h) and Wolves (a)) before they can be title contenders again. That is not a good run, but if they win all them and are still in the title race come Christmas, then I will go fair enough. 
Former Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira has leapt to the defence of Granit Xhaka, saying he \"deserves respect\". The 27-year-old Switzerland international was stripped of the captaincy following an altercation with fans against Crystal Palace and has not featured for the first team since.Despite manager Unai Emery suggesting the player may never play for the club again, Nice head coach Vieira is more sympathetic.Xhaka explains anger at Arsenal fansSupplement: Why Arsenal won't sack Emery yetXhaka: I'm 100 per cent behind Arsenal''I feel sorry for him because he [was] the captain and he's going through a really difficult period and really difficult time at Arsenal,\" Vieira said.\"I think we have to remind ourselves that he's achieved a lot since he's at Arsenal and he deserves a lot of respect.\"When you're a player and don't perform the way you expect, you get frustrated about yourself. And sometimes you say things or do things you regret.\"I find it really difficult a lot of ex-footballers have jumped on him and being really negative towards him - it's too too easy.\"I know how good he is and he will come through this difficult period because he's a strong man, he's a good player. And he will show how good he is.'''Arsenal need to stay calm'Vieira, who won six major honours at Arsenal between 1996-2005, has also urged patience around the club with manager Unai Emery under increasing pressure at the Emirates.Emery has just two wins from their last 10 Premier League games with their latest a disappointing 2-0 defeat away to Leicester.''I think it is a club that's going through a really difficult period,\" Vieira added.\"But you have clubs going the same way, I think is never easy when you change manager, especially after Arsene (Wenger), who spent 20 years over there.\"And I think [Manchester] United went through the same spell, Chelsea went through the same spell. And I think what people need is to be calm and to give the manager a time to resolve the issues.'' 'Return to PL my dream'Vieira, whose Nice side currently lie 13th in France's Ligue 1, has also spoken of his desire to return to England as a Premier League manager at some point in the future.He said: \"You dream about coaching one day in the Premier League. You will want to coach one of the teams that you play for.\"But you know what I am really focusing at the moment is how we can improve in Nice, to do better in the league.\"My only focus at the moment is to try to get the best of my players, to improve the quality of our game and to be better in the league.\"And then, you know, this is the only thing I can control. What will happen tomorrow? I don't have a clue.''
Victor Lindelof admits he misses his former manager Jose Mourinho being in football, following his departure from Manchester United last season. Mourinho has been out of managerial work since being sacked by United in December 2018, after he oversaw the club's worst start to a campaign in 28 years.The Portuguese, 56, has been linked to various roles in world football since then and Lindelof, who won the Swedish Golden Ball award for the second consecutive year this week, says he would like to see him back managing at the top level again in the future.United unsure when McTominay will returnDominant Man Utd brush aside BrightonFlying forwards bring fun back to Old Trafford\"He is, after all, one of the world's best coaches and he is supposed to have a job at one of the biggest clubs. I miss him in football,\" Lindelof told Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet.\"He's a great coach and a great person, whom I owe a great deal. It was he who gave me the chance here, who brought me into everything.\" Speaking to Sky Sports, Mourinho was critical of Lindelof's performance in United's 2-0 defeat away at West Ham in September, claiming that the defender can be \"bullied\" by attackers and is weak in aerial battles.The centre-half, who Mourinho signed from Benfica for &#163;30m in 2017, was unfazed by the comments at the time, and maintains that he owes his ex-manager a debt of gratitude for bringing him to the Premier League.\"I have all the respect in the world for him and appreciate everything he has said and done for me, from scolding to a hug.\"Even if I did not agree, at the time&#8230; he has very great charisma, you had great respect for him.\"He's won everything. When he says something, you listen.\" Lindelof missed United's 3-0 victory over Partizan Belgrade in the Europa League due to a back injury but played the full match in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's sides' 3-1 triumph over Brighton in the Premier League.The 25-year-old has featured 11 times in all competitions so far this term, establishing himself as a first-team regular at centre-back for United alongside record signing Harry MaguireIn September, Lindelof signed a contract extension at the club, which will keep him at Old Trafford until 2024.Watch Sheffield United vs Manchester United live on Sky Sports Premier League on November 24 from 4pm; kick-off 4:30pm.   

Two sucker-punch goals from Liverpool. One controversial handball decision against Manchester City. Could the opening 15 minutes at Anfield on Sunday come to define this year's Premier League title race? Liverpool's 3-1 win put them nine points clear of the reigning champions, and the crucial moments all occurred in a breathless early spell during which Fabinho's stunning strike put the hosts in front shortly after City had been denied a spot-kick, with Mohamed Salah then scoring a clinical second goal which came out of nothing in the 13th minute.No FA charge for GuardiolaRef Watch: VAR correct on pen callNeville's Liverpool verdictHere, we provide a detailed blow-by-blow account of how City dominated the opening exchanges, how the key decision went against them, and how their ruthless opponents took full advantage...Atmosphere builds as kick-off approachesThe players emerge from the tunnel to a loud roar from around the stadium, and the usual pre-match handshakes are followed by a belting rendition of You'll Never Walk Alone.In the City half, Kevin De Bruyne - who told Sky Sports he \"loves\" playing at Anfield in the build-up to the game - can be seen clapping his hands together and geeing up his team-mates. It is a fevered atmosphere and, once a respectfully observed minute's silence to mark Remembrance Day is over, the volume becomes even louder.First minute: City show no fearDespite the hostility of the crowd, and the deafening whistles which soundtrack their early possession, City start confidently.They are straight onto the front foot, working the ball forward on the right-hand side, where De Bruyne wins the first corner of the game off Fabinho in front of the Kop.Second minute: Liverpool pinned backThe corner comes to nothing, but Liverpool still can't get a foot on the ball.City pin the hosts in as Andrew Robertson tries to find team-mate from a throw-in, and the ball is swiftly back in their possession as they probe on the opposite flank this time. \"They've started pretty well, City,\" says Gary Neville as Sterling charges down a long pass from Trent Alexander-Arnold. As the clock ticks into the fourth minute, Liverpool are still yet to string more than a couple of passes together - or even make it out of their half.Alisson Becker can be heard bellowing \"organise\" as they concede another corner immediately after a free-kick, but John Stones is able to rise above Dejan Lovren and flick a header towards the far post. He throws his hands down in frustration as he sees nobody there to meet it.\"He's furious, John Stones, and he has every right to be,\" says Neville. \"That's a space that should always be filled on a corner, the back post.\"It is a let-off for Liverpool and the first real sign of City danger.Fifth minute: The penalty incidentLiverpool have a chance to gather themselves, but their lack of composure is obvious.Alexander-Arnold, who is having a difficult start, sees another pass cut out by Raheem Sterling deep in his own half. Alisson then miskicks a pass to Virgil van Dijk on the edge of the home side's box and the normally cool-headed Dutchman shanks his clearance. Liverpool do eventually work it forward, but their first foray into the City half ends when a Sadio Mane pass falls straight to Kyle Walker.That's where the move which leads to the game's major flashpoint begins.Stones rolls the ball back to Claudio Bravo and the stand-in goalkeeper, who would be heavily criticised for his subsequent performance, calmly clips the ball back to the City centre-back despite Mane's best efforts to charge him down.Stones lifts a pass down the right flank to Bernardo Silva, who uses a combination of his chest and knee to get the ball under control, turning as he does so and directing a looping pass over the top of the Liverpool defence towards De Bruyne, who is running in behind Van Dijk.The Liverpool centre-back, still struggling to get to grips with the game, then makes a mess of his attempted clearance. Bernardo, his impressive anticipation summing up City's alertness in the early stages, takes the ball on his chest and sprints into the box.Then it happens: His deflected pass inside strikes Alexander-Arnold on the arm. And while it strikes Bernardo's on the way there, it's Alexander-Arnold's which appears to be in an unnatural position.Sixth minute: Twenty-two crazy secondsThere are instant shouts of handball from the away end and, down on the pitch, a furious Sergio Aguero leads the protests, running straight to Michael Oliver after he turns the appeal down.City's anger is compounded by the fact that Sterling was unmarked at the far post, waiting to pounce. \"You can see Sterling coming in at the back post,\" says Jamie Carragher. \"There's no doubt it stops the ball coming across to him.\"At this point, however, as City's focus wavers, Liverpool spring into life. Mane, stationed just inside the Liverpool half, pulls to left flank and calls for the ball from Robertson, who, having received it from Van Dijk, slides a perfectly-weighted pass right into his path.Angelino cuts out the Senegal international's subsequent cross, but Ilkay Gundogan gets in his way and the German's toe-poked clearance roles invitingly to the unmarked Fabinho. He takes a touch and, with his next one, unleashes a ferocious drive which beats the despairing Bravo.Kompany questions Liverpool openerHits and misses: Man Utd swagger backIt feels like Liverpool's yearThe ball hits the back of the City net just 22 seconds after it had struck Alexander-Arnold's arm at the other end of the pitch.The VAR checkAs Fabinho wheels away in celebration, Oliver is already being surrounded by blue and red shirts. There is pushing and shoving as tensions threaten to boil over.All the while, the handball is being checked by the game's designated VAR, Paul Tierney, back in Stockley Park.Gary Neville says the goal will stand, the stadium announcer does the same and then, with the clock reading six minutes and 18 seconds, just 75 seconds after the incident, Oliver blows his whistle to confirm the decision.The goal stands. Anfield erupts for a second time.Eighth minute: City keep comingIt is a huge setback for City, but they do not lose their heads. Instead, they keep coming forward.Alexander-Arnold concedes another free-kick in a dangerous area on the left, but an unmarked Sterling can only direct his header wide from De Bruyne's inswinging delivery.\"What a chance,\" says Neville on the gantry. \"Liverpool have made a great start in terms of the scoreline, but in terms of keeping the ball, they look very anxious,\" adds Carragher as Alexander-Arnold, under pressure from Sterling yet again, sends a wayward pass into the stands.10th minute: Reds show first signs of improvementLiverpool then have an opportunity to press City at the other end, with Fernandinho duly overhitting a pass for Angelino to concede a throw-in in the visitors' territory.It is greeted with cheers from the home fans and Jurgen Klopp's side subsequently enjoy their first real spell of possession of the game, stroking the ball around at the back as they attempt to take the sting out of the game.12th minute: The second sucker-punchSoon enough, though, the momentum seems to be back with City. De Bruyne sends over another delicious cross from yet another set-piece - this time on City's right flank - but Aguero, again unmarked, somehow fails to make a connection and Stones, sliding in behind him, narrowly misses it too.\"Why didn't Aguero head it?\" asks Neville. \"Another big chance City have missed,\" adds Carragher. Liverpool then begin another spell of possession, stroking the ball around the back with the kind of composure they previously lacked. A long ball forward from Dejan Lovren is then headed clear by Angelino, but it falls straight to Fabinho, who plays a short pass to Alexander-Arnold.The 21-year-old was still struggling at this point, unable to evade Sterling's pressure, but this time he has a yard of space. He shifts the ball onto his weaker foot and, spotting Robertson, who has momentarily has lost Bernardo Silva on the opposite flank, he pings a raking, 60-yard pass into his path. Over on Liverpool's right flank, Salah, anticipating what was to come, could already be seen manoeuvring into position when Alexander-Arnold received the ball from Fabinho.First, he pulled into the space vacated by Angelino when the City left-back sprang forward to close down Jordan Henderson, who he anticipated might receive the ball from Alexander-Arnold.Then, having eluded both Angelino and Fernandinho, Salah began a diagonal run towards goal, raising his right hand to alert Robertson and then meeting the Scot's superb cross with a header which beats Bravo and nestles into the bottom corner.\"He gets into a great position Salah, in between Fernandinho and Angelino,\" says Neville on the gantry.For City, it is another brutal sucker-punch, this time coming just 66 seconds after De Bruyne's free-kick so narrowly eluded Aguero and Stones at the other end.There is a VAR check for offside - replays show the margin could hardly have been finer - but just like last time, the goal stands.15th minute: City stunnedOn the City bench, Guardiola collapses into his seat, his exasperation clear to see. His side have dominated possession and territory, playing with personality and bravery in a relentlessly hostile environment, but Liverpool have been utterly ruthless.\"They have had two passages of play and they've scored two goals,\" says Carragher.Immediately after the second goal, Liverpool's intensity increases and City's momentum stalls. This time, there is no immediate recovery from Guardiola's men.Liverpool are the ones dominating the ball now, with City's loss of composure summed up by a panicked clearance from Angelino where, a few minutes earlier, he might have tried to find a pass.City would recover their poise later in the game, of course but the damage was already done. Those frantic 15 minutes could come to define this year's title race.
Vincent Kompany insists Manchester City do not need to sign a defender in January. Kompany, the former City captain and centre-back, left for Anderlecht in the summer without replacement and the champions have since lost another key defender, Aymeric Laporte, with a long-term injury.It has left them with only two recognised senior centre-backs, John Stones and Nicolas Otamendi, in the squad.Kompany, though, feels it is not a cause for concern - despite City sitting nine points behind Premier League leaders Liverpool after Sunday's 3-1 defeat at Anfield.\"I don't think they need to sign another defender,\" Kompany told Sky Sports.\"We always struggle at Anfield. I said that on Super Sunday, you're fighting 25 years of not winning at Anfield and that's difficult, it's two games in one game - you're playing a great team and you're fighting history.\"Flip it around and the same will happen for Liverpool - they will fight the history of not winning the league for 30 years. \"That should be to City's advantage I still think. As to the defence, the best way for City to defend in the past has been to attack. They have no reason to change that.\"As soon as they start reconnecting with the best performances, I'm convinced that we can see a sustainable amount of wins.\"Kompany: Why was Liverpool's opener given?Kompany says he is \"confused\" over why Fabinho's opening goal for Liverpool against Manchester City was allowed to stand on Sunday. The Brazilian struck just seconds after Trent Alexander-Arnold appeared to handle the ball inside his own box and VAR backed the on-field decision by Michael Oliver to allow the goal and deny City a penalty.Former City captain Kompany watched the match as part of Sky Sports' punditry team, and admits he still feels confused about the decision which he felt was \"so important to get right\".Kompany, a four-time Premier League champion with City - including last season's triumph - argues that VAR \"is meant to make football simpler and fairer\" despite former referee Dermot Gallagher insisting that the right call was made. \"The incident happens and I'm confused,\" Kompany told Sky Sports.\"That's the problem. I'm confused. I'm thinking 'Okay, I'm not the expert in everything'. Then I look to my right at Jose Mourinho, Roy Keane and Graham Souness. We're all confused.\"Surely that says something about the process? The fact that this could still be for debate when there's a VAR system that is meant to make football simpler and fairer.\"[The] goal happens 20 seconds later. My feeling remains that although Liverpool were great, and both teams tried to play the way they are known to play, I felt this first decision was so important to get right.\"Despite City's defeat and his admiration for Jurgen Klopp's team, Kompany remains confident his former side can turn things around this season: \"I'm a fan of a lot of the things Jurgen Klopp represents, the way his team plays,\" he said.\"I think there's a fantastic chemistry between the type of football Klopp is able to produce with his team, and what Liverpool tries to represent.\"There's a lot of positives to be said about this team, but I still believe Manchester City are in a position where they have recent history going for them.\"You know, [City] coming back from losing positions is something that has happened quite a few times, coming back from losing positions to Liverpool as well.\"If I was in the dressing room at this point I would be reminding players of that and trying to reconnect with what the best City team is.\"
Unai Emery has been offered the public backing of the Arsenal hierarchy - but he has been warned that results must improve. The Arsenal head coach has come under mounting pressure following a string of poor performances and a record of just two wins from their last 10 Premier League games.Leicester 2-0 Arsenal - Match report and highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixturesRaul Sanllehi, head of football, and Vinai Venkatesham, managing director, met more than 200 Arsenal colleagues from across the club on Monday in a pre-planned staff meeting as part of an on-going series of internal staff events.\"We are as disappointed as everyone else with both our results and performances at this stage of the season,\" they told Arsenal staff.\"We share the frustration with our fans, Unai, players and all our staff as they are not at the level we want or expect. Things need to improve to meet our objectives for the season, and we firmly believe Unai is the right man for the job, together with the backroom team we have in place.\"Sanllehi and Venkatesham added: \"We are all working intensively behind the scenes to turn things around and are confident we will.\"We never take our fantastic support for granted. We hope we can all stick together and get behind the team in this challenging period, as together we are stronger.\"Charlie Nicholas: Should Unai Emery stay or go?Sunday Supplement: Why Arsenal won't sack Emery yetEmery, 48, was appointed as Arsene Wenger's successor in May 2018 and his first season ended with a 4-1 Europa League final defeat to Chelsea having missed out on a top-four finish by a single point.This season he has had to contend with former captain Laurent Koscielny refusing to go on the club's pre-season tour and eventually pushing through a move to Bordeaux. Emery has since made the controversial call to ostracise Mesut Ozil for a length of time and strip Granit Xhaka of the captaincy after he told supporters to \"f**k off\" last month.Xhaka has warned Arsenal supporters that the \"extreme hostility\" that was directed at him damages team spirit.Xhaka: I'm 100 per cent behind Arsenal'Emery needs to turn things around quickly'Analysis from Sky Sports' Charlie Nicholas:The blame should not be solely on Unai Emery at Arsenal.Has Emery made it better at Arsenal since Arsene Wenger's departure? No. Things have definitely got worse, but Emery shouldn't get all the blame. Other mistakes have been made along the way. Arsenal have lost their identity and the finger can be pointed at Emery for that.Arsenal cannot get the balance with the defence and two midfield players. It tells you everything about the side and the confidence at the club at the moment with the back three and a four in front that they went with at Leicester. Where did that come from?We knew Emery's style at Valencia and Sevilla - they were tough and scrappy in midfield and all the about pace and movement up front. What is Arsenal's style? It's a complete disaster of a style and formation. He does not know his best starting line-up or his best formation. This is why he's under the pressure he is under.He is asking for time, but will he get the 18 months that takes him to the end of next season? There are plenty of Arsenal fans wanting Emery to go now, but the club's hierarchy insist they are going to stick with the Spaniard for the time being. However, if things don't turn around quickly, it may go down the line of Emery losing his job. If he doesn't sort it out before Christmas, he does come under scrutiny. The top four was there for the taking, but Man Utd were struggling, Leicester and Chelsea are doing better than anticipated, but you want to be in there fighting. Arsenal are hopeless yet are still in sixth, but you have to stay at it and give yourself a chance to fight for those places.Emery must go positive to win football matches after international break. If this doesn't work, he may be out by January - he is hanging on. The board will not look to ease him out, but a lot of people are wondering why they should wait.Will they give Emery more money? Is he in charge of transfers? Probably not, no. Will they get defenders, and then will they be good enough? It is disappointing and sad to see how badly the club have fallen away. Arsenal fans are saying that Arsene Wenger created some of this, and yes, he did. He left behind a soft team with no aggression and leadership.Not everything is Emery's fault but following the recent performances on the and the Granit Xhaka incident, the head coach will receive all backlash. He will take all the flak, but the players should be doing better. But then you can go back to the questions of what is the team and what is the style? That is where the problems lie right now. It's all a bit of a mess.Read Charlie Nicholas' Arsenal verdict in full'Eighteen months in and he doesn't know his best team'Analysis from Sky Sports' Paul MersonLooking at what is to come for Arsenal, the fixtures, I think he is there for the long run. Because I think this is a prime example to say, 'right, let's get someone in, this has not worked. Bring a manager in who has five or six unbelievable games to come up, get off to a great start and then we go from there'.He is very fortunate, I do not see any change at Arsenal. They do not keep clean sheets, they let in goals for fun and the worst thing is they do not even look like scoring goals. And they always looked like they would score goals even though they would be ropy at the back. But I don't see that happening now. I just do not see any improvement at the moment and that is not good - they do not look like scoring goals and they are letting in goals, and that is not a good cocktail.And my worst criticism of the manager is - and this is my main one - 18 months in and he does not know his best team. And if you do not know your best team now, when will you...?WATCH: Arsenal fans voice Emery frustrations POLL: Should Emery stay or go?Arsenal fans, now's the chance for you to have YOUR say!Vote now... What's next for the Gunners?After the international break, Arsenal host Southampton at the Emirates Stadium on November 23; Kick-off 3pm - but before then the speculation surrounding Emery's position is sure to continue.
Everton striker Moise Kean was dropped for the game at Southampton due to a breach of club discipline, Sky Sports News understands. The former Juventus forward was late for a team meeting and as a result was left out of the squad for the 2-1 Premier League victory at St Mary's.Sky Sports News understands it is the second time the 19-year-old has been late for a team meeting.Everton boss Silva: I never feel pressureRicharlison fires Everton to Saints winEverton boss Marco Silva, when asked on Saturday if Kean's omission on the south coast was for tactical reasons, replied: \"Yeah. [His reaction was] really good.\"For sure, he will react stronger the next training sessions when he will be with us.\"Moise is working really hard. He is a young boy with a very good quality as well, doing his best to adapt as fast as we can to a different football [style] as well.\"He has all of my support and my staff and his team-mates to keep growing. For sure he will do that and in some weeks and some months you will see Moise in a better level for sure.\"Everton signed Kean from Juventus for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal in the summer; Sky Sports News believes the fee was around &#163;27m with the forward reportedly earning around &#163;52,000 per week.The Italy international has made 11 appearances for Everton this season - nine times in the Premier League and twice in the Carabao Cup - but has failed to score a single goal and has registered just one assist.It is not the first time Kean has been punished for breaching rules, and more specifically for being late to a team meeting.In June, he and Roma midfielder Nicolo Zaniolo were omitted from Italy U21's matchday squad for the Euro U21 group stage clash against Belgium for arriving late to the team's morning training session.They were then punished also by Italy senior team boss Roberto Mancini, who did not call them up for Italy's Euro 2020 Qualifiers in September.He said: \"I don't like leaving them at home to punish them, they're young. We gave them a great chance and we hope it's useful for them in the future, they need to learn to behave.\"

Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has used a UEFA coaches' conference to call for change to the VAR system. A host of leading European managers attended the summit at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, including Klopp and Manchester City rival Pep Guardiola.Guardiola was left fuming after Liverpool's VAR-assisted 3-1 defeat of his side on Sunday, in which City had two penalty appeals rejected.While Klopp was the beneficiary, the German insisted at Monday's summit the use of VAR had to be improved, a point he said he and Guardiola had agreed on after a discussion following Sunday's game.\"VAR can be improved, it can. It will never be 100 per cent accurate, everybody knows that. But there are a couple of things that are not right,\" Klopp told the conference.\"With VAR, handball, offside, it is clear we have to keep on improving.\"There were good ideas from UEFA (about) how we can sort things from the referees, so everybody is in on it.\"There is still space for mistakes. These things are done by human beings and none of us is perfect. Nobody is asking for perfection, you just want to have the right decisions.\"Klopp also voiced his concerns over the increasingly-crowded fixture programme, saying: \"The discussions on that are really important and we have to start them.\"Also attending the summit were managers including Arsenal's Unai Emery, former Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri, Ajax's Erik ten Hag, and Paris-Saint Germain's Thomas Tuchel.
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyCristiano Ronaldo will meet with Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici and vice-chairman Pavel Nedved after the international break and will face questions as to why he left the stadium after being substituted in the club's 1-0 victory over Milan. (Gazzetta dello Sport) The Juventus squad also expect an apology from the Portugal forward, who will not be fined by the Serie A side. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to sell Kalidou Koulibaly next summer if they receive a substantial offer for the centre-back. President Aurelio De Laurentiis plans to overhaul the squad with Dries Mertens, Jose Callejon, Lorenzo Insigne, Allan, Elseid Hysaj and Faouzi Ghoulam also set to depart. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter Milan will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud, Genoa forward Christian Kouame and SPAL defender Andrea Petagna in January as the club attempt to provide Antonio Conte with reinforcements to challenge for the title. (Tuttosport)  Milan, meanwhile, after interested in Manchester United target Mario Mandzukic and could make an offer to Napoli for Dries Mertens. (Tuttosport) Tottenham are interested in Roma midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini and could make an offer for the Italian in January if they are able to sell Christian Eriksen. (CalcioMercato) SpainNeymar would still like to leave Paris Saint-Germain and rejoin Barcelona and has reiterated that desire to key members of the La Liga champions' dressing room. (Mundo Deportivo)  Diego Simeone would like Atletico Madrid to sign Edinson Cavani when the striker's contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires at the end of the season. (AS) Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo is happy to remain at Real Madrid for the entirety of his career. \"I love Madrid: the weather, the lifestyle, it reminds me of S&#227;o Paulo. If I can, I would stay here for a lifetime.\" (AS) FranceRiyad Mahrez has revealed he wanted joined Arsenal in 2016 after helping Leicester City win the Premier League. He said: \"Leicester blocked it. They said to me, 'You shall not leave.' My agent had spoken with (Arsene) Wenger who really wanted me, it was nearly done with Arsenal.\" (France Football)  Manchester United and Atletico Madrid are prepared to rival Barcelona in the race to sign Rennes wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga. The 17-year-old has starred for the Ligue 1 side this season and could cost in excess of &#163;30m. (L'Equipe) Switzerland Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, who was stripped of the club captaincy last week, expects to complete a move to AC Milan when the transfer window reopens. (RSI) 
Andrew Robertson believes Manchester City are still Liverpool's closest title rivals and whoever finishes above Pep Guardiola's team will win the league. The full-back played a significant role in Liverpool's 3-1 win over City on Sunday, providing the assist for Mohamed Salah to make it 2-0 after 13 minutes.City have slipped to fourth in the Premier League behind Liverpool, Leicester and Chelsea, but Robertson is in no doubt about who he sees providing the main threat.\"Massive for us,\" said Robertson to the club's website. \"A big game against our closest rivals from last year.\"Both of us were in a league of their own last year and it looks as if there's going to be a couple of others sniffing about this year. But I still believe if you finish above Man City then I think you'll get the title.\"It's a massive win for us and it's just another one that we've got to tick off. There's still a long, long way to go, but it's always nice to beat your rivals.\"Robertson also spoke about his fruitful full-back partnership with Trent Alexander-Arnold, which has provided 30 assists since the start of last season. \"Me and Trent had big numbers last season in terms of contributing to goals and stuff, but it was more than that.\"Defensively we were also very good and this season we've tried to do the same. We just try and produce high standards in every single game - it's not always possible.\"Trent is 21 and he's producing performances unbelievably and hopefully he keeps that up.\"Hopefully the team keeps it up because we're doing well so far and there's confidence in that changing room.\" Robertson, the Scotland captain, has joined up with his international team-mates this week, but will not feature in the games against Cyprus and Kazakhstan due to an ankle injury, although he will remain with the squad for a few days in a leadership role.
Brendan Rodgers has explained the timing behind his decision to leave Celtic and says he needed to join Leicester before the summer to prepare them for a top four tilt this season.  The Northern Irishman secured back-to-back trebles in his first two campaigns at Parkhead and laid the groundwork for a third before he departed for Leicester in February this year.That decision was met with dismay by Celtic supporters, with some unveiling a banner reading 'You traded immortality for mediocrity. Never a Celt, always a fraud' against Hearts, while a video also emerged online showing fans allegedly chanting about Rodgers in a pub.However, with Celtic securing another treble last season and Leicester now sitting second in the Premier League heading into the international break, Rodgers hopes fans will now understand the timing of his exit from Glasgow.\"I've said it many times, it was incredibly difficult,\" he told the Daily Record. \"It was a really tough call from a personal perspective and a professional one because my relationship with everyone at the club was great from the boardroom to the dressing room. \"But perhaps now people will have a better understanding of why I made the choice to go when I did. I had a lot to think about at the time. The players were absolutely phenomenal for me in my time there. We were on this great journey together. We created a culture which I loved coming into every day. And we were winners.\"We won - we were relentless at it and relentless in our work - and we had success together. So for me to then make the decision to leave them behind was not an easy thing to do. But I felt I had taken it as far as I could in that time. I then had a decision to make about going into a new project at Leicester where there is an ambition there and there are challenges that I would be excited by.\" He added: \"We were 27 games into a league campaign. We were clear at the top of the league, we had already won a cup and I felt I was leaving the club in a good state. OK, the timing wasn't ideal for many people but I felt the club was in a really good place, the players' mentality, everything around the club was healthy.\"But, because of how quickly it happened, it was probably difficult for some people to accept. But we've both moved on since then. Celtic moved on and won the treble which was brilliant. Three trebles consecutively, which is incredible. \"And I was able to come into Leicester and assess players while they were under pressure because that's when you can really make judgements. I felt it would give me those last 10 or 11 games of the season to assess what Leicester had and what needed to be done. It gave me the time to prepare for the summer so that we were ready to make a challenge at the start of this season. I think it's worked out well for both parties.\"
Liverpool have been playing title-winning football for 18 months and it seems only a matter of time before they get their hands on the Premier League, says Gary Neville. The Reds laid down a significant marker in their bid for a maiden Premier League crown by opening up an eight-point lead at the top of the table, and a nine-point advantage over Manchester City, with a resounding 3-1 victory over the champions on Sunday.Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, the Sky Sports pundit and former Manchester United captain put club allegiances to one side in recognition of the power of the Premier League.Liverpool stun City to move eight clearAnalysis: It feels like Liverpool's yearTitle-winning football\"You've got to be some team to win the Champions League, to get to back-to-back Champions League finals, to chase Manchester City right to the end of last season,\" Neville said.\"Liverpool are playing Premier League title-winning football and have been for the last 18 months. Yes, they could blow this lead, yes City could come back, yes there could be a shock from Chelsea or Leicester, but it's becoming more unlikely. \"The biggest risk to Liverpool is getting caught up in the Champions League or caught up in injuries to the likes of Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk. They would have a big problem were they to lose two of those players for a couple of months, just like it has been for City losing Aymeric Laporte.\"But all things point towards Liverpool being big, big favourites for the Premier League title. It's not because they are nine points clear of City, it's the steps they have been taking in the seasons before to move closer and closer. Eventually, they will get there and, at this moment at time, they are going to take some real stopping.\"Liverpool 3-1 Man City: Player ratingsMourinho: Liverpool won't slip from hereLiverpool like United of oldNeville, who won eight Premier League titles during a trophy-laden career that spanned two decades at Manchester United, can see the foundations of the success he enjoyed at Old Trafford being replicated at Anfield.\"Manchester United fought for 20-odd years to get a title back and keep it away from Liverpool, the one club that can compete with United in terms of global fanbase, scale, tradition, history, success,\" he added. \"If they get a Premier League title under their belt, they become a real power. \"In football, when a group of fans love a manager, love a group of players and you see that triangle of the manager, players and fans coming together, it's so powerful. It's a spirit that's difficult to break.\"It's painful to watch because this Liverpool team have a lot of the qualities from the Manchester United teams I was part of; winning games late, that never-say-die attitude, looking desperate very single time to win the ball back, celebrating every goal like it's the last goal they will ever score.\"As a Manchester United fan it's awful to be at Anfield watching it, but you have to respect it. I watch football all the time and you see teams that are struggling to connect with their fans, or managers. We must recognise when a team is very good, and this Liverpool team is very good.\"Pep out of ideas against Klopp?Neville arrived at Anfield expecting Pep Guardiola and the champions to produce a winning formula that would combat Liverpool and kick-start their title bid but, instead, he was left disappointed by a predictable performance by the visitors.\"City were backed in the corner, they were getting punched, everyone thought Liverpool would win, Claudio Bravo was in the net. This is when the great teams muster a performance, go and win and turn everything on its head. \"I had a feeling Pep Guardiola would have been thinking about this game for the last fortnight; I remember with Sir Alex, you could always tell when there was a big game coming up in a couple of weeks, even though there were other games he was planning for the big one.Pep: We showed why we are champions\"I just thought Pep would have something different for us, something unique, but I got what was normal, I got what I expected. We got the team the newspapers predicted before the game, Fernandinho and John Stones at centre-back.\"Manchester City played well in the game from a football point of view but that back four and goalkeeper were never going to be able to cope with the ground. Forget this Liverpool team and their strikers - this ground! You have to have a level of toughness and authority like you would not believe to come and play at Anfield. \"We've come to expect shocks from Guardiola, and even if it doesn't come off then at least you can say he tried. But it didn't feel like it was very Pep-like at Anfield. He has had problems there, Manchester City have, Pep has had issues with Jurgen Klopp teams generally. But I expected Pep to come up with something.\"I'm not saying it would have produced a different outcome, but in 90 minutes of football, I got exactly what I expected as soon as I saw the teams. I expected City to play good football, I expected them to have good moments, I expected them to score a goal, but I expected Liverpool's front three to run riot and create chance after chance.\"It's a penalty, but persist with VAR Liverpool's opening goal in Sunday's 3-1 victory was shrouded in controversy. Manchester City appeals for a penalty, after the ball struck Trent Alexander-Arnold's arm in the Liverpool area, fell on deaf ears on the field as Fabinho's thunderbolt hit the back of the net, and VAR turned a blind eye too.\"I thought it was a penalty,\" Neville added. \"Alexander-Arnold had enough time and he just moved his arm out a little.\"You talk about teams sometimes needing an international break, well the referees need an international break. They need two weeks off to regroup and reset. But even though VAR is getting battered left, right and centre, it should not go away. \"The referees have got to make a big decision; either go back to how they were at the start of the season where few decisions were overturned unless they were clear and obvious, or they say Stockley Park is going to have less of an influence, leave them to deal with offside decisions and refer anything else they are unsure about to the on-field referee to look at on the monitors.\"But let's not come away from the fact we are getting accurate decisions that would not have been spotted before. Let's not fall off the bike, let's get back on it but reset and do it better. There needs to be patience from all of us - fans, media, players and managers - but we should persist with it.\"A good month for Man Utd Manchester United ushered in the international break with a 3-1 victory over Brighton at Old Trafford, a victory which provided further cause for optimism, according to Neville.\"Barring the Bournemouth defeat it's been a really good month for United. The Bournemouth defeat was frustrating and took them back a few steps, but generally it's been a better month than the one before,\" he said.\"You can see real excitement with Mason Greenwood, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Daniel James, there is something there to work with. Defensively with Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, there is something there to work with, and the young boy Brandon Williams gives me a great deal of hope.\"Manchester United need four or five players of real quality and experience, and that's probably not going to change in January to the tune fans would like. But there is something there. Patience is needed because it is going to take time, but they will get back because the cycle will turn.\"
Virgil van Dijk has no regrets about how last season's Premier League title race panned out as he believes Liverpool learned enough from the experience for it to make a difference second time around. Despite holding, albeit for just 24 hours, a 10-point lead last December and taking 31 points from a possible 33 in their final 11 matches of the campaign, the Reds lost out on a first championship since 1990 by one point after Manchester City rattled off 14 successive victories during the run-in.Liverpool's 3-1 victory over City at Anfield on Sunday opened up a nine-point advantage over the champions, who have dropped to fourth, and eight over Leicester and Chelsea.\"We took a lot of experience last year. Good things, but also some things we should have done better,\" Van Dijk said.\"We did everything possible. We shouldn't have any regrets from last year.\"They (City) were just outstanding. We kept pushing them and they kept pushing us and you have to respect that, I certainly do.\"This year is a new chance for more teams, for both of us and the only focus is the game ahead of us.\"We have so many difficult periods of games with so many competitions, travelling and hopefully no injuries, no illness, so anything can happen.\"Hopefully we can only make sure we react better and do better. You need to have that bit of luck as well throughout the whole season so at the moment we are very happy in the situation.\" Liverpool have opened up an eight-point gap at the summit after taking 34 points from the first 36 available.Only two other sides - Manchester United in 1993 and City in 2017 - have held similar Premier League advantages at this stage and both went on to win the title.But with Leicester and Chelsea separating the two title favourites in the table, Van Dijk was asked whether there is now a four-horse race for the title.\"I don't know. That is something for you guys to put out in the media,\" Van Dijk said.\"They have been doing very well and even if you look at Sheffield United, they are a very difficult team to beat.\"I know, everyone here as well knows as well, how difficult this year will be so we shouldn't look too much at other teams.\"
Liverpool have previous when it comes to blowing leads in pursuit of that much-coveted 19th top-flight title - so what has gone wrong for the club in the past? Jurgen Klopp's side hold an eight-point advantage at the top of the Premier League after beating champions Manchester City at Anfield on Super Sunday.Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsLiverpool 3-1 Man City - Player ratingsThe Gary Neville podcastPremier League Table | Top scorersCurrent Premier League tableHowever, Liverpool were also seven points clear at the halfway stage of last season, only to be pipped at the post by City, while Kenny Dalglish, Gerard Houllier, Rafael Benitez and Brendan Rodgers have all seen their teams squander leads of varying sizes in chasing the title.So why have Liverpool been so susceptible to collapses, and what can Klopp - whose side have already made a record-equalling start to a Premier League campaign this season - learn from those past meltdowns to ensure they are finally crowned champions next May?1990/91Manager: Kenny DalglishBiggest lead: Eight points after 13 gamesFinal position: SecondGap to eventual champions: Seven pointsIt all started swimmingly for Liverpool as Dalglish's all-conquering team began their title defence by reeling off eight straight victories, including a 4-0 thumping of arch-rivals Manchester United at Anfield in September.That winning start came to an end with a 1-1 draw at Norwich on October 20, the same date the current side's eight-match winning streak was halted by United. However, by mid-November Liverpool held a sizeable eight-point lead over Arsenal having collected 37 points from a possible 39, with most pundits predicting an inevitable stroll to a 19th league title. Yet Liverpool's 15-match unbeaten start to the campaign came to an end with a 3-0 loss at Arsenal in December - one of eight defeats they would suffer as they picked up just 39 more points in their remaining 25 matches to finish runners-up behind George Graham's champions, who had even been deducted two points after an on-pitch brawl with United the previous October. In the end, a mixture of overconfidence, untimely injuries to key players, an ageing squad, and Dalglish's shock resignation in February 1991 all served to derail the Reds, who are still to this day waiting for title No 19.2002/03Manager: Gerard HoullierBiggest lead: Seven points after 12 games (*had played a game more than second-placed Arsenal)Final position: FifthGap to eventual champions: 19 points Having finished second to Arsenal the previous campaign, many expected Liverpool to then take the next step and claim a first Premier League title the following season.Twelve unbeaten games in, Houllier's side led the champions by seven points having amassed 30 points, before a 1-0 loss at Middlesbrough on November 9 knocked the team badly off course. Liverpool failed to win any of their next 11 league games, and in fact only won two of their following 16 in an incredible collapse that saw them fall a whopping 17 points behind Arsenal - with Manchester United eventually pipping the Gunners to the title.So dreams of a long-awaited first title since 1990 were well and truly over as the club's struggles on the road - caused primarily by an overly defensive approach to matches - and a poor summer's recruiting in the form of El Hadji Diouf, Bruno Cheyrou and Salif Diao - caught up with them.Mourinho: Liverpool won't slip from herePremier League hits and missesHow to watch Premier League highlights2008/09Manager: Rafael BenitezBiggest lead: Four points after 21 games (*Manchester United were five points behind, but had only played 19 games)Final position: SecondGap to eventual champions: Four points It appeared to be going smoothly for Liverpool as they went unbeaten in the opening 10 matches to open up a healthy eight-point gap over champions Manchester United.Then came that press conference ahead of a trip to Stoke on January 10, after which Benitez's team failed to win any of their next three games, losing top spot to United in the process, a position they failed to return to that season. The narrative has always blamed Benitez's 'facts' rant for the club's subsequent failure to get over the line that campaign, but that is too simplistic an explanation.In truth, it was more the pressure of trying to hold off a rampant United in the second half of the season - Sir Alex Ferguson's team won 11 league games in a row between Boxing Day and March 4 - that ultimately told.While Liverpool only suffered two defeats all campaign - two fewer than United - they also drew 11 times as their sometimes cautious tactics, especially at home to teams they were expected to beat, cost them dear.2013/14Manager: Brendan RodgersBiggest lead: Five points after 35 games (*Man City were six points behind, but had only played 34 games)Final position: SecondGap to eventual champions: Two points With just three games left of the 2013/14 campaign, Liverpool were within touching distance of that long-awaited title with Rodgers' side needing only seven more points to be guaranteed the league.Standing in their way were home matches against Chelsea and Newcastle, with a trip to Crystal Palace in between.The first of those tests - the visit of second-placed Chelsea - was the hardest to navigate on paper, but they could even draw that clash and still be crowned champions by winning their final two fixtures against mid-table opponents with nothing to play for. Not only that, but Rodgers' team were in the midst of a purple patch after winning 11 straight league encounters heading into their meeting with an understrength Chelsea side who had more than one eye on the Champions League semi-final second leg with Atletico Madrid three days later.So what could possibly go wrong? Well, despite 73 per cent possession and 26 shots on goal, the hosts just could not break down well-drilled and tactically disciplined opponents, and Demba Ba took advantage of Steven Gerrard's infamous slip to score the opener, with Willian making it 2-0 late on to send Jose Mourinho running down the Anfield touchline, and hand the initiative in the title race to Manchester City.It was a present Manuel Pellegrini's side duly accepted by winning their final four fixtures as Liverpool - who then self-destructed at Selhurst Park by throwing away a 3-0 lead to draw - were edged out by just two points. For Reds fans, this will always be the one that got away. 2018/19Manager: Jurgen KloppBiggest lead: Nine points after 20 games (*Manchester City were 10 points behind, but had only played 19 games)Final position: SecondGap to eventual champions: One point When Liverpool thrashed Arsenal 5-1 to record a ninth league win in a row to close out 2018, they moved 10 points clear of Manchester City, albeit having played a game more than the champions.Defeat at the Etihad in their next fixture at the turn of the year may have narrowed that gap to just four points, but Klopp's side were still top of the table - with their lead now cut to only a point - as they headed across Stanley Park to face rivals Everton some two months later.But a goalless draw at Goodison Park gave Pep Guardiola's team the opportunity to finally get the destiny of the title back in their own hands, a chance they did not squander as they reeled off 14 consecutive victories to pip the Reds to the league by just one point. Incredibly, Liverpool lost just that one match all season, while their eventual haul of 97 points would have seen them crowned champions in every Premier League season apart from City's twin triumphs in 2018 and 2019.On this occasion, it seems churlish to highlight the mistakes - if there were any - Liverpool made and instead point to the brilliance of City, who racked up an astonishing 98 points.The worry, though, for Klopp and co is that it is that same beast who is currently chasing them down. If a seven-point lead at the halfway stage was not enough to hold City off last season, will a nine-point advantage over Guardiola's men after 12 games do this campaign?
Should Unai Emery stay as Arsenal head coach or is his time up at the Emirates Stadium? Former Arsenal striker Charlie Nicholas gives his verdict to Sky Sports... Leicester 2-0 Arsenal - Match report and highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixturesThings have not got better at ArsenalThe blame should not be solely on Unai Emery at Arsenal.Has Emery made it better at Arsenal since Arsene Wenger's departure? No. Things have definitely got worse, but Emery shouldn't get all the blame. Other mistakes have been made along the way.The defending is one thing that has certainly got worse and the money they spent in the summer has not improved them at all. Nicolas Pepe is struggling to get in a team which paid &#163;72m - a club record - to sign him. Dani Ceballos started the season well. He is a talented player, but does his talent fits into this system?The guys in front are expected to be better but the attacking side of things has lost its way. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette don't know what they are trying to do or what the style is. They want to get on the ball and make things happen, but they do not have any runners since Aaron Ramsey left the club to join Juventus.The youngsters are fighting for competition - Gabriel Martinelli, Bukayo Saka, Joe Willock, Reiss Nelson have come in and done well in spells, but they are not yet ready to take it to the next stage.Arsenal hierarchy: Emery the right man Sunday Supplement: Why Arsenal won't sack Emery yetArsenal's season hits new low - what next for Emery?Exclusive interview: Unai Emery defiant on Arsenal visionArsenal have lost their styleArsenal have lost their identity and the finger can be pointed at Emery for that.Arsenal cannot get the balance with the defence and two midfield players. It tells you everything about the side and the confidence at the club at the moment with the back three and a four in front that they went with at Leicester. Where did that come from? I guarantee they would have only had one day to work on it. They played on Wednesday and then needed to get themselves sorted for Saturday. Some had travelled on the Wednesday, so the whole thing implies they have lost their style.We knew Emery's style at Valencia and Sevilla - they were tough and scrappy in midfield and all the about pace and movement up front. This front lot have more ability and reputation than he has ever worked with before, but his team do not have the strength and capabilities at the back - the attack is bogged down. Aubameyang and Lacazette have a lack of movement and are struggling to combine with each other. Emery needs to turn things around quickly What is Arsenal's style? It's a complete disaster of a style and formation. He does not know his best starting line-up or his best formation. This is why he's under the pressure he is under, but I don't think he will get sacked.He is asking for time, but will he get the 18 months that takes him to the end of next season? There are plenty of Arsenal fans wanting Emery to go now, but reports suggest the club's hierarchy are going to stick with the Spaniard for the time being. However, if things don't turn around quickly, it may go down the line of Emery losing his job.Come January when the transfer window opens, the Arsenal board will say they have no money, but they need money for defenders. It's either that, or you need to get rid of the dead wood. They got rid of plenty in the summer but in my opinion there's more to go. Calum Chambers has been in and out of the club in recent season, but now he is a regular full-back, and that is wrong - completely and utterly wrong. Rob Holding looks terrified bow when he gets the ball, David Luiz looks comfortable with ball but uncomfortable without it and yet we still insist on playing out from the back.I like Mateo Guendouzi but he is having an absolute shocker. He hasn't earned the right to get in the team and if that means that some of these youngsters come on and play well, then they stay in the team, which is what competitive edge means.Emery needs to be positiveI am confused with where this is going, and that is created by Emery's own choices. If he doesn't sort it out before Christmas, he does come under scrutiny. The top four was there for the taking, but Man Utd were struggling, Leicester and Chelsea are doing better than anticipated, but you want to be in there fighting. Arsenal are hopeless yet are still in sixth, but you have to stay at it and give yourself a chance to fight for those places.Emery must go positive to win football matches after international break. If this doesn't work, he may be out by January - he is hanging on. The board will not look to ease him out, but a lot of people are wondering why they should wait. Will they give Emery more money? Is he in charge of transfers? Probably not, no. Will they get defenders, and then will they be good enough?It is disappointing and sad to see how badly the club have fallen away. Arsenal fans are saying that Arsene Wenger created some of this, and yes, he did. He left behind a soft team with no aggression and leadership.Bring back Wenger&#8230; as technical director! I suggested on Soccer Saturday that if you want to overlord the process, I would go in for Wenger and get him on the board or get him in as the technical director. Why let him talk to Bayern Munich and float about on TV when you can have that brain, fabric and understanding at the club right. He could work with an experienced manager to get it right. He can also improve the decision making. Why did Arsenal miss out on Gary Cahill, for example?Wenger couldn't sort his own problems, but he could help Emery in certain ways. I was always teased about the hierarchy not being right, but we have around four guys arguing over transfers. Is Edu the one who says these are the players Arsenal are getting? Is he in strong communication with Emery? Wenger: I was never a Bayern candidateSky Bet odds: Next permanent Arsenal manager'It's not all Emery's fault' Not everything is Emery's fault but following the recent performances on the and the Granit Xhaka incident, the head coach will receive all backlash. He will take all the flak, but the players should be doing better.But then you can go back to the questions of what is the team and what is the style? That is where the problems lie right now. It's all a bit of a mess.I said that at the time that the Pepe was a risky move for that amount of money. Pepe has got great potential but is not the one I think we needed to jump on. I like to play from the front, but the back needed sorting. They spent &#163;72m on a potential talent going forward, when we have the likes of Saka, Nelson and Martinelli to potentially play these roles, it was strange to me.I don't understand how they spent over &#163;100m, let a defender go and brought in a winger. Have you not seen where the problems have been for the past five years? They couldn't wait to get Laurent Koscielny out, Sokratis Papastathopoulos is adding nothing to Arsenal and Shkodran Mustafi is finished at Arsenal. Petr Cech also moved on, so they needed to rebuild the defence. Did they do it? Kieran Tierney came in for &#163;25m but he's needed time to get fit. He will be decent once fully fit, but Arsenal should be planning to sort their defensive problems out now, and they haven't done it.The manager shouldn't take all of the blame, but he should burden most of it. I don't know how they have worked out on spending &#163;72m on a winger when that is not the essence of what the team required. It has been a problem for years and until it is resolved things will not improve.POLL: Should Emery stay or go?Arsenal fans, you've heard Nicholas' verdict. Now's the chance for you to have YOUR say!Vote now... Highlights: Vardy, Maddison pile pressure on Arsenal 
<strong>Dermot Gallagher says VAR was correct to go with the on-field decision by Michael Oliver in the Trent Alexander-Arnold handball shout, while the former Premier League referee also assesses other VAR calls from another weekend full of controversy. </strong> From controversial goal decisions, penalties not given for handball, and big toes being offside, it's been another eventful weekend for Premier League referees.Premier League hits and missesHow to watch Premier League highlightsPremier League Table | Fixtures | Top scorersSo how did Dermot see it? Here's Sky Sports News' resident ref's view...Liverpool 3-1 Manchester CityINCIDENT: Fabinho fired the hosts ahead with a superb strike from distance in the top-of-the-table clash at Anfield, but moments before, Trent Alexander-Arnold appeared to handle a cross at the other end. Referee Michael Oliver waved play on but had VAR decided a foul had been committed, Fabinho's goal would have been ruled out and a penalty awarded to Manchester City.Oliver did not feel that the incident was a deliberate act and that the defender was consistent with his movement in the penalty box. Oliver was in constant contact with the match VAR, Paul Tierney at Stockley Park, in the moments after the incident. As Tierney did not believe a clear and obvious error had been made, no penalty was given. Tierney agreed that Alexander-Arnold's arms had not been in an unnatural position when the ball struck him.DERMOT'S VERDICT: I don't think it's a penalty.DERMOT SAYS: This incident has to be an on-field decision, as Oliver has the best view.There's an angle where the referee makes the decision, we don't need to talk about the VAR, the on-field referee makes the decision. Straight away, he says no penalty. He sees the speed of the ball and he sees it hit Alexander-Arnold on the arm. I think he's got the best view of everybody - he's an amazing athlete to keep up with play.POLL: Should City have had a penalty?Remember, a ball striking an arm isn't a penalty. Oliver will have communicated with the VAR that the ball came too quickly at Alexander-Arnold - once Oliver makes that call, then VAR will never ever get involved. If you asked 100 neutral football fans about the decision, you'd have a split vote. There would not be a majority. Even if the referee had come over to the pitch-side monitor, he wouldn't have reversed his decision.INCIDENT: Liverpool went 2-0 up when Alexander-Arnold started an attack with an inch-perfect cross-field pass to pick out fellow full-back Andy Robertson, who in turn curled a beautiful cross into the path of Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian, who was playing on the shoulder of the last man, made no mistake at the far post to send the home fans wild. VAR checked the incident for offside but deemed Salah onside according to their lines, DERMOT'S VERDICT: It's onside.DERMOT SAYS: This is where VAR works - it's exactly what we ask for from it. INCIDENT: City thought they should have had a penalty when Raheem Sterling's cross hit Alexander-Arnold's arm, but again, the referee waved away the claims to leave Pep Guardiola furious on the touchline.DERMOT'S VERDICT: No penalty.DERMOT SAYS: Alexander-Arnold had a busy day! This one certainly isn't a penalty. The referee is always in the perfect position. Tottenham 1-1 Sheffield UnitedINCIDENT: At 1-0 down, Sheffield United thought they had levelled when David McGoldrick tapped home Enda Stevens' cross. However, replays deliberated whether John Lundstram's big toe was offside in the build-up and after nearly four minutes of waiting, the VAR eventually ruled out the goal to the delight of the home fans. The VAR also deemed the Tottenham defence didn't have time to reset.DERMOT'S VERDICT: It's offside. DERMOT SAYS: The system draws the lines. The operative is convinced because of the way the lines corroborate that - Lundstram is just offside. That is a fact. I can see why Sheffield United will be frustrated but this is the system we've got and that teams signed up for. And according to the system, it's offside.On the reset laws, it's a subjective call. The VAR felt that the defence didn't get the opportunity to reset - the attack was all part of one phase so the goal was ruled out. It's a difficult one. If everyone is happy with the decision, then no-one really minds how long the decision took, it's when it's a split decision that time then becomes a factor. Manchester United 3-1 BrightonINCIDENT: On 57 minutes, youngster Brandon Williams goes in high on Steven Alzate and catches him in the midriff with a high boot. Only a yellow card is awarded and the VAR agrees with the on-field decision. DERMOT'S VERDICT: Correct call.DERMOT SAYS: An interesting one. He does get the ball and he'd argue once he makes contact with the ball, Alzate comes towards him. He does catch him but it's only a yellow card.
Pep Guardiola will not face an FA charge after approaching referee Michael Oliver after Sunday's 3-1 defeat for Manchester City against Liverpool. Guardiola confronted the referee at the final whistle following his side's loss at Anfield, sarcastically saying \"thank you very much\" to Oliver and his officials, after key decisions went against City during the game.Moments prior to Fabinho's opener in the sixth minute, the ball appeared to strike Trent Alexander-Arnold's arm in the Liverpool penalty area, after Bernardo Silva's aerial pass deflected onto the right-back.Liverpool stun City to move eight points clearPOLL: Should City have had a penalty?VAR checked the incident, but Liverpool's first goal in the 3-1 win stood.During the second half, a Raheem Sterling right-footed effort appeared to hit Alexander-Arnold's arm in the box again, but the referee waved away claims for a penalty, leaving Guardiola furious on the touchline. Speaking after the loss for City, Guardiola insisted he was prouder than ever of his side and said \"ask Mike Riley and the guys in VAR\" about the controversial decisions.Liverpool head into the international break eight points clear of second-placed Leicester City at the top of the Premier League table. Meanwhile, Manchester City slipped to fourth after last season's domestic treble winners suffered their third top-flight defeat of this campaign.The Premier League's referees chief Mike Riley has said that the long delays over contentious VAR calls are unacceptable and remain the largest issue facing the new system.Meanwhile, the Premier League's 20 clubs are set to question the PGMOL's general manager this Thursday on the use of VARs, following another weekend of controversy.The technology system has overturned 29 KMIs (Key Match Incidents) in the Premier League so far this season, which would have gone unchallenged last season.
Christian Pulisic has been ruled out of the United States' matches against Canada and Cuba after suffering a hip injury during Chelsea's win over Crystal Palace on Saturday.  Having initially struggled to make an impact in the Premier League following his arrival from Borussia Dortmund over the summer, Pulisic has starred in recent weeks, scoring five goals in Chelsea's last three league games.However, the USA will not be able to call on their 21-year-old talisman for crucial Concacaf Nations League matches, after he was hurt during Chelsea's 2-0 victory over their London rivals.\"Christian is officially at this stage ruled out,\" U.S. head coach Gregg Berhalter said. \"We just got that information.\"This was a collaborative decision with the club. looking after the best interest of the player.\"These decisions are always difficult because this group and the coaching staff want nothing more than to have Christian here, but it was a risk we weren't willing to take at this time.\"The USA take on Group A leaders Canada - who they trail by six points - on Friday, before playing their game in hand against Cuba four days later.In order to qualify for the knockout round, Berhalter's side must win both of their games, and make up a three-goal differential on Canada.
Frank Lampard has faced a number of obstacles since taking over at Chelsea - their transfer ban chief among them - but there was a new one to overcome against Crystal Palace on Saturday. For the first time, he had to start a Premier League game without Jorginho manning his midfield. The Italian has put a difficult debut campaign firmly behind him this season, becoming a key figure under the new head coach - who has described him as a \"leader\" within the dressing room - and playing 954 minutes of a possible 990 before his suspension for the meeting with Palace.Chelsea 2-0 Crystal Palace - Match report and highlightsFortunately for Lampard, his absence coincided with N'Golo Kante's return from a groin injury. Kante replaced Jorginho alongside Mateo Kovacic on Saturday and duly helped Chelsea keep their first clean sheet in four games as they claimed a sixth consecutive Premier League win.Lampard continued with the 4-2-3-1 formation that has served him so well in recent weeks, with Mason Mount continuing to impress at No 10 and Kante and Kovacic working in tandem behind him. How, though, will the midfield shape up when Jorginho is available too?It presents a dilemma for Lampard - even more so given how seamlessly Kante slotted back into the side. On his first appearance since the 4-1 win over Southampton over a month ago, there was little evidence of rustiness.Quite the opposite, in fact. Kante was his usual industrious self right from the start, popping up in Palace's left-back position to press Patrick van Aanholt at one moment then seemingly teleporting himself to the opposite corner of the pitch, helping Chelsea win the ball back before making himself available to collect a Kurt Zouma pass at the base of midfield. It was classic Kante. And while there were some rare signs of fatigue in the closing stages, the Premier League tracking data showed he covered more ground than any of his team-mates (11km), his perpetual motion underlined by the fact he clocked the highest average speed too. Lampard praise for 'big player' PulisicTop 50 in-form PL playersFind out more about Sky SportsKante's best position was the subject of considerable debate last season, with Maurizio Sarri strongly criticised for preferring Jorginho at the base of midfield. But Lampard has persisted with the same approach.On Friday, he said it was inaccurate to categorise Kante as a defensive midfielder. On Saturday, he gave him the freedom to roam up, down and across the pitch, taking it in turns with Kovacic to occupy the holding role. There was evidence of his improving technical qualities too. In Jorginho's absence, it was Kante who could be seen switching the play as Chelsea piled on the pressure in the first half. At one point, he used the outside of his boot to scoop a fine pass from right to left to find Christian Pulisic. By the end of the game, he had completed seven long passes out of seven - more than in his previous five appearances combined.Is there anything he can't do? Kante might have had a goal had his first-half effort not been blocked, and there was almost an assist in stoppage time, when his clever, diagonal pass into the Palace box found Michy Batshuayi, who turned and sent a deflected effort narrowly wide.Lampard may decide to pair Kante with Jorginho after the international break, but if he is to stick with the 4-2-3-1 formation he used again at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, that would mean dropping Kovacic. Few Chelsea fans would have complained at that prospect at the start of the season, but the Croat looks liberated having struggled to exert himself under Sarri. His driving runs have added a different dimension to the midfield - no Chelsea player is averaging more dribbles this season - and his passing and positioning have been similarly impressive.Nicholas: Should Emery stay or go?Analysis: It feels like Liverpool's yearThe alternative, then, is to revert to the 4-3-3 formation he used earlier in the campaign and a midfield which looks a lot like the one Sarri used last season, with Kante and Kovacic shuttling up and down the pitch either side of Jorginho, whose recent renaissance has made him undroppable.The issue there, however, is that it would mean leaving out one of the players currently operating further forward in support of Tammy Abraham.So who makes way? There seems little prospect of him leaving out the in-form Willian, whose return to the starting line-up in September has coincided with the turnaround in their form. Pulisic, meanwhile, currently looks every bit like the Eden Hazard replacement many hoped he would be, scoring his fifth goal in his last three Premier League games on Saturday.Could Mason Mount, then, be the man to miss out? He may not have stood out as much as Willian or Pulisic in recent games, but his importance to Lampard is evident in the fact that he has started every Premier League game so far, playing more minutes than any other outfield player and providing creativity as well as goal threat in his current guise as a No 10.This is a good dilemma for Lampard to have, of course. His players are flying and Chelsea are feeling the benefits. But it is a dilemma nonetheless. He was able to adapt without his midfield anchor on Saturday against Palace. The next challenge will be to successfully recalibrate his midfield again.Manchester City vs Chelsea is live on Sky Sports from 5pm on Saturday November 23; Kick-off 5.30pm
Manchester United are up to seventh in the Premier League following Sunday's 3-1 win against Brighton. Sky Sports News reporter James Cooper analyses their season so far and reflects on a new sense of optimism around Old Trafford. There's been a change in mood and purpose since the last international break, demonstrated by five wins from the last seven games in all competitions, with the surprise defeat at Bournemouth given 'blip' status after Sunday's comfortable win over Brighton.Dominant Man Utd brush aside BrightonMan Utd players organise training tripOle thrilled with 'exhilarating' Man UtdNot since the opening day win over Chelsea had Old Trafford felt like a fun place to be, but by the time John Moss blew his whistle to mark the end of the contest with Brighton, the atmosphere inside the stadium was relaxed and calm, this was a game the Manchester United faithful had enjoyed watching.Goals always help and Brighton played their part too, their recent reputation promised a sterner examination than the midweek visitors Partizan Belgrade presented, but again Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's players plundered three goals and should have managed more.Brighton arrived in a loftier position than their hosts for the first time ever, with ambitions of securing the victory that's eluded them on every visit to the red side of Manchester since 1909, but in truth Graham Potter's strategy and personnel played into United's hands. As soon as Andreas Perreira's deflected effort hit the back of the net in the 17th minute Manchester United never looked back, but the crucial moment came 19 minutes into the second half when Brighton made the score 2-1, courtesy of Lewis Dunk's thumping header that owed as much to his application as the absence of red shirts around him.For a moment most of the 73,000 fans inside Old Trafford held their breath and even Solskjaer himself must have wondered how his players would respond. Would they allow their opponents back into the game and see an important three points disappear? Less than two minutes later the answer was provided by the move of the game as Fred's pinpoint pass found Anthony Martial in full flight but with the presence of mind to pick out Marcus Rashford, who supplied an emphatic finish. Those three players tell you everything about how Manchester United have begun to rediscover their belief and some of their identity. Fred wanted a run of games and in the absence of Paul Pogba, he's got them too. He might not be providing the &#163;50m flourishes yet but he is improving, protecting the ball better and his pass for Martial was sublime, so too was the way he manoeuvred through three players pressing him on the touchline to find Scott McTominay in the second half.Anthony Martial's given United another attacking dimension since his two-month injury lay-off and added even more pace to a front-line that Brighton struggled to deal with. He looks like he's enjoying wearing the No 9 shirt right now and playing with the likes of Marcus Rashford and Dan James.As for Rashford, the goals are flowing for the striker who celebrated his 22nd birthday last week but even he'd admit he should have more of them. He's found the target six times in the seven games since the last break, but against Brighton somehow only managed a single goal.These are a group of players who are showing us they can smile again, the celebrations after each of yesterday's goals are symptomatic of their desire to raise standards and Solskjaer will also be delighted by how well one of his defensive gambles is starting to pay off. Brandon Williams was given a standing ovation as he departed proceedings on the 90-minute mark after a typically spiky performance that saw one booking and plenty of character and endeavour.The Manchester United fans have quickly warmed to the 19-year-old, they like someone with a bit of fight and Williams appears to have taken that part of the club's DNA to heart.In truth, there'll be far harder tests than Brighton in the weeks and months to come, but seventh spot is certainly approaching the sort of territory Manchester United fans expect to see their team, rather than scrolling to the bottom half of the table. The way things are at Old Trafford right now each game United play seems to be a barometer of what progress is or isn't being made. The next opponents lying in wait, Chris Wilder's fifth-placed Sheffield United, will again tell us if this is a sustained recovery and just how useful this latest international break has been.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says there is \"no extra pressure\" to deliver the team's first Club World Cup title at next month's tournament in Qatar. Liverpool enter the tournament at the semi-final stage and face a second-round winner on December 18 and the German believes the European champions could be pushed hard by unfamiliar opponents in the seven-team competition.\"I'm not someone who has to be the first on the moon or the first winning the World Cup with Liverpool, but when we're there we'll try with all we have,\" Klopp told the FIFA website.\"So far, I don't feel any pressure. I see it as an absolute opportunity... the interesting and difficult part is that we'll be playing against teams from other continents, which doesn't happen that often... it'll be a tough one for sure.\"The teams involved in the December 11-21 tournament are CONCACAF champions Monterrey of Mexico; Qatar champions Al Sadd; Oceania title holders Hienghene Sport of New Caledonia; African champions Esperance of Tunisia; the eventual South American champions and the Asian Champions League winners.\"We'll prepare for it as we would usually and we'll see if it's right or wrong... I don't get to see a lot of Brazilian, Argentinian, Mexican or Arabic football... so I don't know too much about them... It'll be really intense,\" Klopp added.Liverpool outclassed Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 in the Champions League final in June to claim their sixth European Cup and followed that by beating Europa League winners Chelsea 5-4 on penalties to lift the UEFA Super Cup. Klopp's side have an eight-point lead atop the Premier League as they target a first English title in 30 years and can add another trophy to their cabinet before the year ends.Such is the fixture crunch that Liverpool are set to field two different squads in the Carabao Cup quarter-final against Aston Villa on Decemeber 17 and Club World Cup the following day due to a lack of available dates to postpone the domestic game.\"Unfortunately, we won't round off 2019 in that moment (with the Club World Cup trophy) because there will be games to come before the year ends,\" said Klopp, whose side play 12 games across four competitions between November 23 and January 2.
Sky Games look at who starred during Gameweek 14 of Sky Sports Fantasy Football. Did any of your team make this week's best XI? Create your Sky Sports Fantasy Football team here!Ben Foster - &#163;6.7m: 12 pointsThe Watford Stopper kept his third clean sheet in five matches as his side picked up their first Premier League win of the season at Carrow Road on Friday. Foster has brought in 41 of his 49 Fantasy Football points from his last five games, highlighted with the uplift in results that Watford have seen. Foster has reached tier two save bonus points in three of those five matches.Ciaran Clark - &#163;6.7m: 11 pointsCiaran Clark is showing the form of a striker, having scored in consecutive matches for Newcastle, securing two wins for Steve Bruce's team in the process. Clark even attained tier one shot bonus points against Bournemouth and now boasts 19 points from his last two outings, rewarding the 0.18 per cent of Fantasy Football bosses who have overseen his upturn in form.Caglar Soyuncu - &#163;6.2m: 10 pointsCaglar Soyuncu remains the bargain buy of the year, both for Leicester and in Fantasy Football. Soyuncu kept his third clean sheet in succession and has 36 points in that period, bragging 90 for the campaign thus far, putting him fourth in the charts. The rock at the back is earning 14.52 points per &#163;M, topping the value-for-money list, and it is no surprise to see him as the highest-scoring defender in the game. It is his third consecutive appearance in the Fantasy Team of the Week.Fikayo Tomori - &#163;6.4m: 10 points Despite a lowly selection percentage of just 3.71 per cent, Fikayo Tomori continues to shine for Chelsea, earning another clean sheet in their win over Crystal Palace. Tomori has 27 points from his last four, earning passing bonus points in all of those matches, three in the shape of tier two (70+). Manchester City are up next for Chelsea, but following this comes home matches against West Ham and Aston Villa, another chance for Tomori to add clean sheet points.All the latest Fantasy Football newsAll the latest Super 6 newsGerard Deulofeu - &#163;8.2m: 14 points Gerard Deulofeu is the Fantasy Player of the Week for Gameweek 14, stealing it off the hands of Christian Pulisic due to his inferior price tag. Deulofeu inspired Watford's victory over Norwich, scoring the first and assisting the second for Andre Gray. He took home the man-of-the-match award and now has 22 points from his last two, with back-to-back goals in this time.Richarlison - &#163;10.2m: 13 pointsRicharlison posted his second double-figure haul of the season in Fantasy Football, in turn propelling him to the top of the midfield charts, level with John McGinn and ahead of Kevin de Bruyne on 73 points. Richarlison scored in Everton's win at Southampton and now has three goals and three assists for the season. He was another who received the man-of-the-match award.James Maddison - &#163;8.3m: 13 points James Maddison ran the show for Leicester against Arsenal, grabbing his third man-of-the-match award of the year already. His long-range striker doubled Leicester's lead and sealed the victory, while handing him an extra two points for his second shot on target in the match. The England international now has 69 Fantasy Football points and is hot on the heels of Richarlison and co.Andreas Pereira - &#163;6.7m: 11 pointsAndreas Pereira attained just under a third of his seasonal points in Manchester United's win against Brighton. His goal, albeit deflected, handed United the lead and sent them on their way to three valuable points. Over the course of the 90 minutes, Pereira managed to fire three shots on target, picking up tier two shot bonus points and earning him a place in the Fantasy Team of the Week over Liverpool's Fabinho.Christian Pulisic - &#163;10.1m: 14 points Christian Pulisic makes the Fantasy Team of the Week for the third time in succession, posting 51 points in this staggering spell, averaging 17 per match. Another goal helped Chelsea achieve a sixth consecutive Premier League win, making that his fifth goal in three games, while Pulisic was crowned the man-of-the-match once more.Jamie Vardy - &#163;10.7m: 12 pointsJamie Vardy netted his eighth goal in six games to top off a fine Leicester move and hand them the lead against Arsenal. He now has 11 goals this season and continues to lead the race for the Golden Boot. Vardy retains his second-place position in the Fantasy Football charts on 99 points, just six behind Tammy Abraham. With Brighton, Everton and Watford coming up, he could make that first spot his own, yet only 13.74 per cent of Fantasy Football managers are backing Vardy to continue his hot streak.Marcus Rashford - &#163;10.8m: 12 points The man-of-the-match award went to Marcus Rashford after another double-figure haul and a third goal in four games for the Manchester United forward. It could have been more had he not skewed an open goal wide of the mark, but he posted another promising display nevertheless. Rashford has 34 points from his last four matches and moves on to 71 for the season.
Former Leicester defender Matt Elliott says that everything is falling into place for Brendan Rodgers' side, comparing this season to the year the Foxes won the league. The Foxes' 2-0 win over Arsenal on Saturday saw them move up to second in the table, nine points clear of Sheffield United in fifth.And, after winning the title under Claudio Ranieri in 2016, Elliott believes that due to a number of other top teams struggling this campaign, Leicester will aim to capitalise again.\"That was a huge result [for Leicester] against Arsenal. To create that nine-point gap between Leicester and the Gunners - that's a big difference. Tottenham are struggling as well. They can't get their game together,\" he said.\"So, it's somewhat reminiscent of the title-winning campaign, in as much as everything seems to be falling into place for Leicester. The opportunity is there, without a doubt.\"Leicester have lost just two of their 12 league games so far this season; away to both Manchester United and European champions Liverpool.They have also managed a draw against top-four chasing Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, along with a 9-0 thrashing of Southampton at St Mary's.When asked about whether he thinks his former side are capable of winning the league, Elliott was unsure, but thinks that they are more than capable of bringing Champions League football back to the King Power Stadium.Elliott said: \"I think [top four] is more realistic [than winning the league], for sure. You saw the quality that Leicester were up against yesterday in the game at Anfield. \"But they're in a healthy position, aren't they? They're slightly hesitant to shout the odds and proclaim they'll get Champions League qualification but they must be quietly confident.\"It's not by fluke. They're there by merit. They've been playing superb football and the complete game. They're winning games in different ways.\"They're playing well in an attacking sense but defensively they look very solid too. You do look at it and think that something drastic has to happen if they are to drop out.\" Rodgers' side are two places higher in the table now than they were after 10 games when they won the league in 2015-16, with more points, more goals scored, and significantly fewer conceded.Many have compared the two sides and, whilst Elliott did not comment on which he thought was superior, he did say that this season's team has a \"more complete game\" and believes they will only get better this campaign.He said: \"The proof is in the pudding, I suppose, when you look at the statistics and what they achieve. They certainly have a more complete game, I would say.\"It's about sustaining their performances but I think Brendan Rodgers is right - anyone that has seen Leicester's games can't help but be impressed.\"There is the knowledge that there is room for improvement as individuals and collectively as a team. That's the encouraging thing.\"
Vincent Kompany says he is \"confused\" over why Fabinho's opening goal for Liverpool's against Manchester City was allowed to stand on Sunday. Premier League leaders Liverpool beat their title rivals 3-1 to move eight points clear, but their first goal on six minutes was contentious after Trent Alexander-Arnold appeared to handle the ball inside his own box in the build-up.The alleged handball occurred moments before Liverpool surged to the other end of the pitch and Fabinho opened the scoring, with VAR backing the on-field decision by Michael Oliver to allow the goal and deny City a penalty.Ref Watch: VAR correct on City pen callPOLL: Should City have had a penalty?Mourinho: Liverpool won't slip from hereFormer City captain Kompany watched the match as part of Sky Sports' punditry team, and admits he still feels confused about the decision which he felt was \"so important to get right\".Kompany, a four-time Premier League champion with City - including last season's triumph - argues that VAR \"is meant to make football simpler and fairer\" despite former referee Dermot Gallagher insisting that the right call was made. \"The incident happens and I'm confused,\" Kompany told Sky Sports.\"That's the problem. I'm confused. I'm thinking 'Okay, I'm not the expert in everything'. Then I look to my right at Jose Mourinho, Roy Keane and Graham Souness. We're all confused.\"Surely that says something about the process? The fact that this could still be for debate when there's a VAR system that is meant to make football simpler and fairer.\"[The] goal happens 20 seconds later. My feeling remains that although Liverpool were great, and both teams tried to play the way they are known to play, I felt this first decision was so important to get right.\"Despite City's defeat and his admiration for Jurgen Klopp's team, Kompany remains confident his former side can turn things around this season: \"I'm a fan of a lot of the things Jurgen Klopp represents, the way his team plays,\" he said.\"I think there's a fantastic chemistry between the type of football Klopp is able to produce with his team, and what Liverpool tries to represent.\"There's a lot of positives to be said about this team, but I still believe Manchester City are in a position where they have recent history going for them.\"You know, [City] coming back from losing positions is something that has happened quite a few times, coming back from losing positions to Liverpool as well.\"If I was in the dressing room at this point I would be reminding players of that and trying to reconnect with what the best City team is.\" Former Premier League referee Gallagher believes that Oliver made the right decision.\"Oliver did not feel that the incident was a deliberate act and that the defender was consistent with his movement in the penalty box,\" Gallagher told Sky Sports.\"Oliver was in constant contact with the match VAR, Paul Tierney at Stockley Park, in the moments after the incident. As Tierney did not believe a clear and obvious error had been made, no penalty was given.\"Tierney agreed that Alexander-Arnold's arms had not been in an unnatural position when the ball struck him. I don't think it's a penalty.\"AnalysisSky Sports News reporter Ben Ransom on why Pep Guardiola's men will believe they're still capable of winning a third straight Premier League title:\"The weather has turned noticeably colder in November, but the fact it's still more than a month to Christmas brings a lingering degree of warmth to Manchester City.\"While pundits aplenty are crowning Liverpool as Premier League winners, those who still lay claim to the \"reigning champions\" tag remain optimistic there will still be a twist or two yet.\"Last season the two title rivals were almost infallible as they fought all the way through to the final match in May. It all looked lost for City when they were inexplicably beaten at home by Crystal Palace, before a Boxing Day defeat at Leicester saw them drift seven points behind Liverpool. \"But Pep Guardiola inspired his side to win 18 of their next 19 Premier League matches, including that pulsating 2-1 win at home to Liverpool, to close the gap and ultimately achieve immortality by becoming the first English side to win a domestic treble.\"The sides will meet again at the Etihad in April, by which time Liverpool may be on the verge of their own historical achievement, but there is one stark difference between the sides: Manchester City boast a squad of players that have won the title before and know exactly what it takes. \"It's completely new territory for those at Liverpool (James Milner aside), and with every week that passes the pressure to finally deliver a first league title in 30 years will ratchet up another notch.\"As we've seen before, pressure can do funny things and Klopp's biggest challenge over the coming months might be a mental one.\"There are still 39 hours of Premier League football for each of the teams to play this season, and City are promising to fight all the way until the end.\"
Sky Sports and Budweiser, the official beer of the Premier League, have teamed up to bring you the weekly Power Rankings. Chelsea midfielder Christian Pulisic tops the chart for a second week running after scoring his fifth goal in just three league games during the 2-0 win over Crystal Palace.Leicester City players dominate the rankings after their 2-0 win against Arsenal, with James Maddison (No 2) topping the bill, followed by Jamie Vardy (No 3), Caglar Soyuncu (No 7), Ben Chilwell (No 8) and Kasper Schmeichel (No 10).Premier League top scorersHow are the Power Rankings calculated?Liverpool beat Manchester City 3-1 in a blockbuster clash at Anfield to move eight points clear atop the Premier league table, with Andy Robertson (No 9) assisting the Reds' second and Sadio Mane (No 5) sealing three points with a third.Meanwhile, Wolves' Raul Jimenez (No 4) and Newcastle defender Ciaran Clark (No 6) both scored their second goal in as many games during wins against Aston Villa and Bournemouth, respectively.England boss Gareth Southgate has a selection dilemma in midfield and attack this week, with Maddison and Marcus Rashford in team-topping form - the former pushing for a debut and the latter likely to be up against Jadon Sancho for a starting berth.
Premier League fans may have to wait years to see VAR implemented at the same level as in cricket and rugby union, says the league's VAR chief Neil Swarbrick. Rugby union introduced the Television Match Official was in 2001, while in cricket, the third umpire has been used since 1992 and the Decision Review System was introduced in 2008, with technology now an accepted part of each sport at the highest level.Meanwhile, the Premier League has waited until this season to use VAR and it has faced teething issues.But Swarbrick, the Premier League's head of VAR, says: \"It is working as we wanted.\"We are in the infancy with VAR, 12 match weeks into the Premier League season, and you need to give us time to operate and utilise it.\"It's taken quite a few years for other competitions or sports - the likes of cricket and rugby union - to get to where they are today regarding technology. It doesn't happen overnight.\"Stick with us, it's a work in progress. We'll look at incidents that have happened and look to improve as this goes forward. As we've said, this will evolve.\"Are VAR delays unacceptable? Referee chief Mike Riley is understood to believe the long delays over contentious VAR decisions are unacceptable and remain the biggest problem facing the new system.The general manager of the PGMOL faces a grilling from the Premier League's 20 clubs this Thursday on the use of VARs, following another weekend of controversy.Privately, the PGMOL believes that VAR will only be widely accepted when long delays are eradicated and they have made it a priority for VAR teams to reduce both the length and frequency of the delays.Despite this, they are confident that this will become less of an issue as the VARs become more experienced and fans become more accustomed to how the system is designed to work. Frustrating breaks in play at Goodison last weekend and the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Saturday suggest they still has some way to go before the problem is eradicated.However, despite reports over the weekend, it's thought the PGMOL is unlikely to recommend that referees start using the pitch-side monitors regularly - a move they believe will only increase the number of delays to play.At Thursday's crucial meeting, Riley is also expected to produce data to prove that VAR has already seen a significant reduction in the number of wrong decisions made by officials. So far this season, VAR has overturned 29 Key Match Incidents (KMI), which would have gone unchallenged before this campaign.In recent years, referees got an average of 82 per cent of Key Match Incidents correct, with PGMOL officials now confident that figure will be nearer 90 per cent.It's expected that the Premier League will use the fortnight break in fixtures to explain more clearly how referees are using the technology - in particular in incidents of handball and offside - and what they are doing to eradicate mistakes. Analysis: Referees need an international breakSky Sports' Gary Neville said on his weekly podcast:\"I think the referees need an international break. They need two weeks off.\"Just to regroup and to reset. VAR should not go away - and I know at the moment it's getting a battering from left, right and centre. I think they've caused themselves a problem with the parameters they set at the start of the season.\"I was really sure that the 'clear and obvious' and the bar they had set around overturning decisions would cause them a problem.  \"I thought not going to the monitors with the on-field referee would cause them a problem. I think we're quite arrogant sometimes in this country to think we can come up with a better system when there are competitions and countries that have been using this system for years. Why didn't we just look at what they were doing?\"Yes, it's not ideal, it's not the perfect system. But, we did change what VAR has been in other countries by saying referees would not go to the monitor. At that point, it's down to Stockley Park and the consistency of the VAR referee.\"I thought it was wrong at the beginning, but for the first two months of the season they were getting it right, but they were not overturning anything hardly and every on-field decision was going through. \"But all of a sudden, a switch was flicked three or four weeks ago and now, they're in a pickle - they're inconsistent.\"They've got to make a big decision: either go back to how they were at the beginning of the season, which is not to overturn nearly any decision unless it's an offside or 'clear and obvious'.Or they say, 'Stockley Park is going to have less of an influence, it's going to deal with offside, and anything we're unsure about we're just going to refer to the on-field referee and let him have a look at the monitor.'\" 
Riyad Mahrez says he almost joined Arsenal in 2016 and claims he \"lost two years at the very highest level\" of football after Leicester refused to allow him to leave. Mahrez was a key part of Leicester's surprise Premier League success but with the Foxes failing to replicate that form in the following campaign, he was keen to move on.Arsenal wanted to sign him, according to the player, although it was Manchester City who eventually bought him for &#163;60m in the summer of 2018.Mahrez was part of City's domestic treble-winning squad last season and has already scored three goals in 14 appearances for Pep Guardiola's side during the current campaign, although he admits he would have loved the opportunity to leave Leicester earlier than he did.\"After the title-winning year, if I was in a top team, it would not have been the same story,\" he told France Football.\"For me, it is clear that I lost two years at the very highest level. I lost two years!\"Because instead of being at City at 27, I could have been there at 24 or 25. Leicester blocked me. They told me: \"You cannot go, you cannot go! \"My agent had talked with [Arsene] Wenger who really wanted to sign me, it was almost done with Arsenal in the summer of 2016...I was really frustrated.\"It's not easy to go from being the PFA Players' Player of the Year to being part of a team fighting for Premier League survival. It's not the same job.\"Everyone is waiting on you and expects you to perform.\"
West Ham midfielder Manuel Lanzini is to have surgery on Monday after fracturing his collarbone against Burnley at the weekend. The Argentina international had to have oxygen following a collision with Ashley Westwood during added time in the second half of the Premier League clash at Turf Moor.Lanzini was taken off the pitch on a stretcher and was subsequently taken to hospital.Meanwhile, captain Mark Noble is set to undergo a scan after spraining an ankle 20 minutes into the game.West Ham lost 3-0 and slipped to 16th in the table.They are now without a win in their last six league matches and sit just five points above the relegation zone.

  Can Emery turn around Arsenal's fortunes?Leicester City piled the pressure on Unai Emery and Arsenal as Jamie Vardy and James Maddison scored to condemn the Gunners, who are sixth after just one win in their last six Premier League matches, to a 2-0 defeat.The defeat at the King Power Stadium was another galling 90 minutes for the Gunners and they now sit eight points off the top four with Emery's remit to take the club back to the Champions League now looking further away than ever since his appointment last May.Leicester 2-0 Arsenal - Match report and highlightsWhat now for Unai Emery?Premier League Table | Fixtures | Top scorersTwo wins from 10 in the league has seen the pressure mount on Emery's position with \"Emery Out\" once again trending on Twitter in the immediate aftermath of the game. Reports suggest Emery's job is safe for now, but is he really the right man to turn around the club's fortunes after the international break?Emery, who has called for calm, insists he can still take Arsenal forward despite the poor run of form. \"For me, as a coach, it's about continuing stronger and improving with our players,\" he said. \"I am speaking with the club to stay calm and to stay patient to improve and recover some confidence with some circumstances.\"We are receiving criticism, but I know that's my job. I've had lots of moments like that, but I've recovered by working to get confidence. We need to stay calm and also keep improving things.\"There are no real signs of improvement though. The Gunners have earned 87 points from their 50 Premier League games under Emery (W25 D12 L13) - one fewer than they won in their final 50 under Arsene Wenger (W27 D7 L16).Their record of 17 points and -1 goal difference is their worst start to a top-flight season after 12 games since 1982-83. They also had just one shot on target for the second successive match, unacceptable for a squad with attacking talents of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette, Mesut Ozil and Nicolas Pepe.If the Spaniard is given the dreaded vote of confidence to turn things around at the Emirates, there needs to be considerable improvements - and fast.Oli YewSpurs stuck in transition  Football waits for no one. Mauricio Pochettino is trying to refresh his Tottenham team, to find a way towards success in \"the next chapter\" he has repeatedly referred to. But wantaway players, injuries to new recruits and the relentless, testing nature of the Premier League and Champions League continues to stall that evolution.Meanwhile, Spurs' rivals are marching away from them. This uninspiring draw against a Sheffield United team which caught Spurs cold with their intensity and then, after cancelling out Heung-Min Son's opener, had Pochettino flicking through formations in search of a response in the second half, has left Tottenham way down the pack.Tottenham 1-1 Sheffield United - Match report and highlightsPochettino: I need time to rebuildAdrift in 14th, with fewer points than Steve Bruce's much-maligned Newcastle, Tottenham are already 11 points off the top four. It's a long way back and the reality is that, even at this stage of the season, Champions League football next season is looking less likely by the week. Pochettino has spoken about solving problems in January. That could come too late.It's five Premier League games without a win now. In fact, Spurs have only beaten Aston Villa, Crystal Palace and Southampton in the top flight this term. That's a wretched return for Champions League finalists. More worryingly, they are no longer playing the Pochettino way; passive out of possession, careless in possession and unable to feed Harry Kane.With Christian Eriksen dropped to the bench alongside Toby Alderweireld, and Danny Rose excluded from the squad entirely against Sheffield United, it is clear Pochettino is looking to shift to the future. But the balance, the blend and the quality of the alternatives just isn't there right now. In this demanding world of football, patience is at a premium and Pochettino needs some relief to ease the pressure on the rebuild.Peter SmithA swagger returns to Old TraffordAt full-time in the win over Brighton, the Manchester United fans sang a song from their old school catalogue of chants. \"You've only come to see United,\" was directed towards the Brighton fans in the away end - and it was hard to argue, considering the dominance shown by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's vibrant attacking team, led by a monstrous performance by Marcus Rashford.Manchester United 3-1 Brighton - Match report and highlightsSolskjaer thrilled with Man United performanceHow the teams lined up United's star man was a constant livewire playing on the shoulder of the Brighton defence in the first half before dropping deeper after the break and showing some serious quality when in possession. After a sticky start to the campaign, he's hitting top gear. And, there's surely more to come.One swallow, of course, doesn't make a summer and the table shows United are still nine points off the Champions League places. Post-match, Solskjaer referenced the challenge facing his team to chase down the early pace setters, identifying they have a big job on their hands to get back in the top four.However, with Rashford at the forefront in this kind of form, United - if they keep playing with this energy, quality and bite - are capable of putting a winning run together between now and Christmas. That's five wins in his last six for Ole, who has regained control of the wheel.Lewis JonesIt's Liverpool's title to lose Pep Guardiola did his best to put on a brave face after another painful Anfield defeat, but there was a hint of resignation from the Manchester City boss.Not for the first time, Jurgen Klopp conjured up a formula that his Liverpool players carried out to perfection. Guardiola's philosophy was found wanting and City's title defence floundered.Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsThe Gary Neville podcastLiverpool have been building towards this moment for the last two seasons and Anfield rightfully rejoiced as the realisation of their strongest title challenge in three decades set in.If the champions of the last two seasons failed to halt Liverpool, what chance does anyone else have of stopping what now looks to be the inevitable?They'll be whispering it quietly at Anfield but the title is Liverpool's to lose.Jack WilkinsonPenalty call does not disguise Man City's problems The penalty incident that preceded Liverpool's opening goal was the major talking point at Anfield, but while Manchester City can count themselves unfortunate that Trent Alexander-Arnold's handball was not penalised, there can be no hiding from the issues which continue to undermine them at the other end of the pitch.Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsThe Gary Neville podcastTheir back four, comprised of Kyle Walker, John Stones, Fernandinho and Angelino, was brutally exposed by Liverpool. Their panic was apparent from the outset and it was summed up by the moment late in the game when Stones collected a goal kick straight from stand-in goalkeeper Claudio Bravo and launched an inexplicably poor crossfield pass directly into the Anfield stands.City have been without Aymeric Laporte since September and they are plainly no closer to finding a solution to his absence. At this stage of last season, they had conceded five goals. The defeat to Liverpool means their total this time around already stands at 13. Their defensive struggles are already threatening to wreck their season.Nick WrightRicharlison is every bit the talisman for Silva and Everton Richarlison had gone eight Premier League games without a goal, coinciding with Everton's slide down the Premier League table since his double in a 3-2 win over Wolves at the start of September.Saturday's game with Southampton was on a knife-edge heading into the final 15 minutes, but the Brazilian showed his mental strength and importance to his team in firing home the winner to secure a pivotal 2-1 victory.Southampton 1-2 Everton - Match report and highlightsMarco Silva: I don't feel the pressureThe 22-year-old produced an all-round display at St Mary's, with more touches in the opposition box (8) and more shots on target (2) than his team-mates while also ranking second for the number of times he regained possession (10).\"We made a big effort as a club to sign him and the fans here love him,\" enthused Everton boss Marco Silva. \"I am here to protect my players until the end and Richarlison is not a diver. He's a big, big talent.\"During his time in England, Richarlison has only scored twice in 25 league games against the traditional top six, and so earning a reputation for delivering on the biggest stage must be the next challenge.Ben GroundsWolves learning how to juggle Not in the circus sense of course, but Wolves are starting to learn how to juggle the demands of a domestic season in England along with the Europa League. They have already played a whopping 24 games this season, but they are beginning to beat the grind.Their 2-1 win in the West Midlands derby against Aston Villa was their seventh unbeaten game in the Premier League and halted a run of three successive draws. They have never gone eight games unbeaten in England's top flight, last racking up seven in a row between March and April 1974, and could make history if they win or draw against Bournemouth after the international break.Wolves 2-1 Aston Villa - Match report and highlightsPremier League fixturesHow the teams lined upWhile Aston Villa were dealt some real blows injury-wise, Wolves did not really look like letting them through at Molineux and it only took a bizarre goal-line technology-aided decision that saw Villa score a late consolation. They should arguably have won by more too, hitting the bar twice and Raul Jimenez, in particular, wasting three good chances.Wolves will head into the two-week break inside the Premier League's top half - currently in eighth with 16 points, level with Manchester United and Bournemouth - and are on the verge of qualifying for the Europa League round of 32.Wolves waited until September 28 for a Premier League win following their busy pre-season schedule and have only lost once since - ironically, a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa in the Carabao Cup - but Nuno Espirito Santo looks to have got his team in order to truly compete in the Premier League and beyond.Charlotte MarshAston Villa's injury gut punch It just was not Aston Villa's day at Molineux and the signs were there ahead of kick-off. Jack Grealish was not fit enough to make the squad, having picked up a calf injury against Wolves in the Carabao Cup, while ever-presents Tom Heaton (calf) and Bjorn Engels (hip) were surprising injury omissions.The injuries just kept piling up for Villa too. It was a sorry sight to see Jed Steer go down with another Achilles injury just seven minutes into his first Premier League start this term. Having performed magnificently for Aston Villa in the second half of last season, this was his chance to show what he could do in Heaton's absence, but it was cut agonisingly short.Aston Villa fixturesTake nothing away from Orjan Nyland, he did well as Steer's replacement, but there was a huge smack of bad luck for Villa to have lost their first and second-choice goalkeepers for a derby game.Then there was Matt Targett, who may have been grateful for the substitution having really struggled in the first half. He could not keep Adama Traore under control on the right and gave the ball away on a number of occasions, handing Wolves an even greater advantage. He looked to have an issue with his vision after being caught in the face by Matt Doherty, with Neil Taylor marshalling the left-back spot well when he came on.They were a few more nervy moments too, with Tyrone Mings hurt just after Aston Villa had made their final substitution in the 69th minute. Although Mings was able to continue, misfortune seems to be a theme for Dean Smith's side in a season where they have not had the rub of the green.Villa now have the international break to get Grealish, Heaton and Engels back to fitness and hope that players heading off to represent their countries do not pick up any other niggles.Charlotte MarshThe case for Newcastle's defence Newcastle's defenders were at it again on Saturday, with both DeAndre Yedlin and Ciaran Clark on target as Steve Bruce's side came from behind to beat Bournemouth 2-1 at St James' Park and record successive league wins.Newcastle 2-1 Bournemouth - Match report and highlightsIncredibly, seven of Newcastle's last nine Premier League goals have been scored by defenders, with centre-back Clark having now netted in consecutive games for the Magpies after his effort in their 3-2 victory at West Ham seven days earlier.All of which is in stark contrast to Newcastle's new-look strike force of Allan Saint-Maximin, Miguel Almiron and Joelinton, who have so far managed just the one goal between them so far this season.Richard Morgan
  Liverpool 3-1 Manchester City - Match report and highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixturesHow the teams lined up&#8203;LiverpoolAlisson - 8Unsighted by Bernardo Silva's late consolation but rarely tested before or after as he plucked crosses out of the air with ease and commanded his area with a sense of authority that transmitted all the way through his team.Trent Alexander-Arnold - 8Initiated the move that led to Liverpool's second goal with a sublime cross-field pass. Frustrated and contained Sterling in the first period and tried his best to maintain that as fatigue crept in.Virgil van Dijk - 8Another sublime performance from the dominant Dutchman as he blended his usual stoutness at the back with a vast array of quality on the ball. When City did breach Liverpool's defence, Van Dijk was there time after time.Dejan Lovren - 7City targeted the Croatian in the first half, but he proved up to the task, growing into the game with each passing second before coming into his own after the break, keeping Aguero quiet and producing a stunning block to deny Sterling.Andrew Robertson - 8Set up Salah for Liverpool's second goal with an undefendable whipped cross from the left and coped with De Bruyne and Bernardo Silva, who operated exclusively down his flank in the first half.Fabinho - 9Man of the match. Settled the pre-match nerves inside Anfield with a stunning pile-driver of a shot and grew in confidence from there on, extinguishing any hopes City had of settling into a rhythm. Jordan Henderson - 8Never gave the City midfield a moment's rest, setting the tone for an imperious Liverpool performance before his chipped cross to the back post set up Mane for Liverpool's all-important third.Georginio Wijnaldum - 7Ran himself into the ground as he provided the legs in midfield, covering ground and plugging gaps that City opened as his defensive qualities came to the fore.Mohamed Salah - 8Rekindled his touch in front of goal with a beautifully caressed header as Liverpool raced into a two-goal lead.Roberto Firmino - 7Not his most influential performance but acted as the glue between Liverpool's midfield and attack as his offensive colleagues stole the headlines.Sadio Mane - 8Put a real shift in defensively, covering the wide areas City target in attack superbly, and capped a selfless performance with a well-deserved goal to put Liverpool three up early in the second half.Man CityClaudio Bravo - 5Had a couple of tense moments on the ball when confronted with the Liverpool press. There was nothing he could do with either goal City conceded before half-time but will be disappointed not to have kept Mane's header out having got a hand to the ball.Kyle Walker - 5A willing runner in attack, providing the pace for City's encouraging start, but lacked the quality final ball his side so desperately craved and lost track of Mane as he headed home to end City's hopes.John Stones - 4Never settled into the game was run ragged by Liverpool's front three, who looked like scoring every single time they broke forward.Fernandinho - 5The older statesman in the City defence struggled with the task of organising the back four and failed to cope with pace and directness of Liverpool, losing track of Salah as he nodded for the second goal.Angelino - 5Unfortunate not to score when his deflected first-half effort clipped the post and he endured a tough afternoon going the other way. His assist for Bernardo Silva's late goal offered a small crumb of consolation.Ilkay Gundogan - 5Was punished emphatically by Fabinho when his poor clearance fell to the Liverpool midfielder early in the first half and was caught in between two posts, failing to contribute in attack or provide cover for City's beleaguered defence.Rodri - 5Returned to the starting line-up but looked off the pace and was overrun as his attempts to keep City ticking fell some way short.Kevin de Bruyne - 6Did his best to haul City back into the game with a host of brilliant crosses into the Liverpool area. Would have had a couple of assists on another day had City's forwards had their shooting boots on.Bernardo Silva - 6His influence on the game came to an abrupt halt when Liverpool hit the front and by the time his late consolation hit the back of the net it was too late to inspire a comeback.Raheem Sterling - 6Never gave up hope as Liverpool raced into the lead and kept his cool as the Anfield crowd singled him out for attention. Kept plugging away but was ultimately unable to produce the goods.Sergio Aguero - 5An off-colour performance from the Argentine as he turned up several chances to grab City a foothold in the game when they needed it most.&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203; 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.FranceChelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante could finish his career at Stamford Bridge. \"I am at Chelsea until 2023 and in my head, I hope to continue to have great seasons with Chelsea.\" (Telefoot) Marco Verratti is happy to spend the remainder of his career at Paris Saint-Germain. \"People say to me, 'Why not try another club?' It's because for me [at PSG], it's always like the first day. I want to help the team and winning here is different from winning with another team.\" (Telefoot) Barcelona are interested in Rennes' midfielder Eduardo Camavinga but would have to pay around &#163;35m for the 16-year-old who starred against Paris Saint-Germain earlier this season. (L'Equipe) ItalyCristiano Ronaldo left the Juventus Stadium before the final whistle against Milan after he was visibly irritated at being substituted in the 55th minute for Paulo Dybala, who scored the home side's late winner. (Sky Italia) Gonzalo Higuain is set to sign a contract extension with Juventus. The Serie A giants wanted to sell the striker after failed loan moves at Milan and Chelsea but the striker has impressed this term and sporting director Fabio Paratici says his form will be rewarded. (Sky Italia)  Milan will attempt to sell Franck Kessie in January after the midfielder was left out of the squad to face Juventus. The Rossoneri hope to raise up to &#163;30m from the sale of the 22-year-old with Monaco and Wolves interested. (Gazzetta dello Sport) SpainAyoze Perez turned down a move to Valencia in order to join Leicester City in the summer. \"It's true Valencia were interested and I was tempted to move back to Spain,\" he said. \"But Leicester offered me an ambitious project and I would play an important role.\" (ABC) West Ham United are interested in Real Betis defender Aissa Mandi and could make an offer for the centre-back, who has a &#163;25m buyout clause, in January. (Estadio Deportivo)  Thibaut Courtois insists he never doubted himself during his time at Real Madrid. \"I know what I am worth, I always have done,\" the goalkeeper, who hasn't conceded a goal in 533 minutes said. \"I never lost my confidence and I feel good.\" (Marca) Belgium Michy Batshuayi would like to start more games for Chelsea but is prepared to wait for his chance under Frank Lampard. \"I am frustrated,\" he admitted.\"You want to play football but the decision is made. I just give the maximum and try to show the 'boss' that I am ready.\" (Het Laatste Nieuws) 
Liverpool took the lead against Man City - but should their first goal have been chalked off for a penalty at the other end?  Fabinho fired the hosts ahead with a superb strike from distance in the top-of-the-table clash at Anfield, but moments before Trent Alexander-Arnold appeared to handle a cross at the other end.Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsLiverpool 3-1 Man City - Player ratingsThe Gary Neville podcastPremier League Table | Top scorersMichael Oliver waved play on but had VAR decided a foul had been committed, Fabinho's goal would have been ruled out and a penalty awarded to Manchester City.It was decided by the PGMOL official Paul Tierney at Stockley Park that Alexander-Arnold's arms had not been in an un-natural position when the ball struck him.But was it the right decision? In pictures: Guardiola makes his point    The view of the Sky Sports teamSpecial guest and former City captain Vincent Kompany: \"One way or another you should stop the action. Alexander-Arnold's arm is in an unnatural position. It's a penalty.\"Pitch-side reporter Geoff Shreeves: \"Pep Guardiola is livid. His entire backroom staff surrounded us at half-time to ask 'why wasn't it given?'. To say they are unimpressed is an understatement.\"Sky Sports pundit Jose Mourinho: \"It was an amazing goal by Fabinho, can you imagine having to overturn it against Liverpool? But I don't think that's the point - the point is consistency. Next week a similar situation will be a penalty.\"Sky Sports pundit Roy Keane: \"It's a huge moment, but it's not Liverpool's problem. If the referee or VAR have looked at it. I think the frustrating part for all of us who have been involved in football a long time, we'll probably see an incident like that next week, and it'll be given as a penalty. But obviously it's not a problem for Liverpool to worry about. The goal came from that, but they still had to travel up the pitch. It's frustrating that we're talking about that decision rather than a brilliant game of football.\" Alexander-Arnold: You have to carry on playingAlexander-Arnold told Sky Sports afterwards: \"Obviously, there's VAR and it has hit my arm. I think it might have hit Bernardo Silva's first.\"But it's one of them where you have to carry on playing.\"We went down the other end and punished them. They were complaining about the goal, but it was a wonderful strike from Fabinho.\"
Manchester United will not be pursuing Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the January transfer window, <em>Sky Sports News</em> understands. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is hoping to bolster the club's striking options when the window opens following the summer departures of Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez.But it is believed Manchester United will not be targeting a return for the 38-year-old, who scored 29 goals for the club during a two-year spell at Old Trafford.Ole thrilled with 'exhilarating' Man UtdTransfer Centre LIVE!Top 50 in-form Premier League playersThe former Sweden international helped the club win the Europa League and Carabao Cup under former boss Jose Mourinho before leaving in March 2018 following a serious knee injury.Ibrahimovic has recently spoken of his regret at not joining the club earlier in his career, promising they would have seen \"a different lion\".However, Ibrahimovic has rediscovered his fitness and form in the US, scoring 31 times and providing eight assists in 31 games for LA Galaxy in all competitions this season.But despite his impressive form, the forward was unable to fire the side to the MLS final and leaves as a free agent after two seasons at the club.
Liverpool have won a huge \"psychological battle\" with Manchester City in the title race, according to Stephen Warnock. The Reds' 3-1 win over City at Anfield on Sunday gave them a nine point lead over the defending Champions after just 12 games.Jurgen Klopp's side could manage only one point from their two meetings with City last season and the former Liverpool defender believes they now have the upper hand mentally as well.It feels like Liverpool's yearMourinho: Liverpool won't slip from here\"It's a big blow to Manchester City psychologically but on the other side of it when you look at Liverpool psychologically that's a huge boost to them,\" he said.\"Liverpool now have won the psychological battle with Manchester City by getting that result.\"It puts a big dent in Manchester City's thought process, the way they approach the rest of the season but they are back-to-back champions.\"They will come back, they will be strong, Pep Guardiola will make sure they improve and I'm sure they will go on a long winning run after this.\"\"Klopp will know the position that Liverpool are in at the moment.\"He'll know that if he can keep key players fit and healthy then they're in a great position and it is theirs to lose.While Liverpool have widened the gap with City they remain eight points ahead of Leicester and Chelsea who are second and third after also winning at the weekend. Warnock says it is not just Guardiola's side that Liverpool will need to be wary of as they look to secure their first Premier League title.\"With the position Liverpool are in it's their title to lose but they'll be put under huge pressure not only from Manchester City but from Chelsea and Leicester as well,\" he added.\"I don't think at the beginning of the season we'd have thought they would be getting pressure from Chelsea and Leicester but that is credit to the jobs that are being done at those football clubs.\"
A title race can hinge on the smallest of moments. What if, in January, John Stones had been a fraction of a second later to the goalline clearance which prevented Liverpool from going in front at the Etihad Stadium? Would Manchester City have gone on to win the game 2-1? Would they have gone on from there to retain the Premier League crown?Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsLiverpool 3-1 Man City - Player ratingsThe Gary Neville podcastPremier League Table | Top scorersLiverpool looked back ruefully on that moment when City finished a point ahead of them in May. Perhaps this time, City will reflect on the decision not to award them a penalty when the ball struck Trent Alexander-Arnold's arm in the early stages of Sunday's meeting at Anfield in the same way.Twenty-two seconds later, of course, Fabinho met Ilkay Gundogan's poor clearance down at the other end with the stunning drive which put Liverpool in front. It was a setback from which City did not recover. The 3-1 defeat leaves them nine points behind Jurgen Klopp's side and adds to the growing feeling that, finally, this might be Liverpool's year.Liverpool have now taken 34 points from a possible 36 this season. Include the final nine Premier League games of the last campaign and they have won 20 of the last 21. Their eight-point lead at the top of the table is the biggest at this stage of a season since Manchester United in 1993/94. Sir Alex Ferguson's side went on to win the title by eight points that year.It is an encouraging omen and, penalty or not, it is becoming increasingly difficult to see quite how anybody will stop them. Even in the last few weeks, when their performance levels have dipped and they have been confronted by adversity in games against Leicester, Tottenham and Aston Villa, they have shown the persistence and powers of recovery needed to pull them through.There has been good fortune along the way too, of course, but that only adds to the aura around this side right now and their performance against City on Sunday was the latest reminder of just how devastating they can be when they hit their stride. It was the second goal, headed home by Mohamed Salah from a sublime ball by Andrew Robertson, who had been picked out by an even better one from Trent Alexander-Arnold, which showed Liverpool at their best. But the other two were perhaps more fitting for this side.Find out more about Sky SportsShould City have had a penalty?Because when Fabinho can conjure up a strike like that, and when Jordan Henderson - your other workmanlike midfielder - can produce a cross with the quality of his assist for Sadio Mane's goal, then you know something special is happening. The belief coursing through this team is plain to see.It should be noted, of course, that this Manchester City side have been here before. Last season, they found themselves 10 points behind Liverpool at the end of December. It required a gargantuan effort to overhaul them, with City winning 18 of their remaining 19 games. Do they have it in them to claw back the deficit again?Pep Guardiola described their performance as \"incredible\" in his post-match interview with Sky Sports at Anfield, insisting this title race is by no means over, but while it's true that City created plenty of chances, their issues at the other end mean the relentless form of their rivals is far from their only problem.Their back four of Kyle Walker, John Stones, Fernandinho and Angelino struggled badly, their panic apparent not just in the routine passes they sent astray but in their body language too. There were rushed clearances, missed challenges and, at one point in the first-half, even a full-blown argument between Walker and Stones. Ederson's absence in goal compounded matters and, with Aymeric Laporte unlikely to return for several months yet, City's prospects do not look bright. They are without a clean sheet in four games. They have conceded nearly three times as many goals as at the same stage of last season.\"The big mistake was not replacing the man in the studio, Vincent Kompany,\" observed Jamie Carragher on Sky Sports.As well as lacking depth at centre-back, it appears Guardiola does not trust the players brought in to take City forward at full-back. Joao Cancelo was an unused substitute at Anfield while Benjamin Mendy did not even make the squad. \"You've got &#163;100m of full-backs who aren't playing through choice,\" said Gary Neville. \"Pep Guardiola has no excuse.\"It makes that nine-point gap even more daunting for City, who could find themselves even further back if they fail to beat Chelsea after the international break. And while the January transfer window will present an opportunity to sign an overdue alternative to Laporte, there are a further eight Premier League games to get through before then.A lot can happen in that time. Liverpool are well aware of just how quickly things can change. But they also know that small moments like Sunday's can make big differences. They will take some stopping now.
Several Manchester United players have organised their own training camp in Dubai during the forthcoming international break.  Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has given players not on international duty some time off and a group have taken it on themselves to organise the trip, taking a couple of members of United's coaching staff with them to lead sessions on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.Some of the squad will remain in Manchester and train at Carrington during the break, so whether it's the wind and rain of the Aon Training Complex or the blue skies of Dubai, the idea is to build on the industry of the last international break, which resulted in a spirited performance against league leaders Liverpool. Dubai has become an important base for United this season with Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Luke Shaw all undergoing fitness and rehab programmes there in recent weeks.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has come out in defence of his team, describing them as \"incredible\" despite slipping nine points behind Liverpool. Jurgen Klopp's side laid down a significant marker in their bid to win a first league title in 30 years by beating the defending champions 3-1 at Anfield on Renault Super Sunday.Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsPremier League Table | Fixtures | Top scorersThe Gary Neville podcastLiverpool surrendered a 10-point lead to City last season but head into the international break in a commanding position, with Guardiola's team slipping to fourth in the table.City's miserable run at Anfield - one win in 29 visits - continued in a match which left their manager raging at some controversial VAR calls.Fabinho broke the deadlock as City were still disputing a handball by Trent Alexander-Arnold in the penalty area, as Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane put the game out of sight before Bernardo Silva's late consolation.Liverpool 3-1 Man City: Player ratingsKlopp: Every point needed for intense periodFind out more about Sky Sports'We showed why we are back-to-back champions'\"What happened today is we showed why we are the champions,\" Guardiola said. \"In this stadium with the way we played was incredible and I'm proud of my team more than ever.\"We put in an incredible performance in this stadium against the best team in Europe and with the way we played, I'm so proud. We played so good. \"We are playing in the way which shows why we are back-to-back champions.\"There are still seven months and if Liverpool win [the Premier League], I will be the first to congratulate them because we cannot deny how good they are, but they way they play, they create the chances with this personality to play all the time.\"Can Man City still win the title? Guardiola said: \"I don't know. I am not a magician I don't know the future. Now it is the national team, hopefully they come back, the people with injuries come back and it is Chelsea at home next, we will try to beat them. \"There are three teams in front of us that have more chances to be champions than us so we're going to try. In football, you can't always win. Here at Anfield, it's so nice and I'm so proud to see my team play in this stadium against this team and playing in that way.\" Should City have had a penalty?The City boss added: \"Please ask the referees [about the handball before the opening goal], please don't ask me. Ask this question to Mike Riley and the guys doing VAR, but don't ask me.\"Guardiola approached referee Michael Oliver and his assistants at full-time to shake their hands, but denied it was a sarcastic gesture.  \"No way. I congratulate them. I'm so polite and I didn't say anything here,\" he said.\"We tried to do our job and I'd like to talk about the performance, which was so good.\"I know the teams that come here and play for respect from Anfield and with the problems we have in the squad and the way we played, it was awesome. One of the best performances we have played.Alexander-Arnold: You have to carry on playing Alexander-Arnold told Sky Sports afterwards: \"Obviously, there's VAR and it has hit my arm. I think it might have hit Bernardo Silva's first.\"But it's one of them where you have to carry on playing.\"We went down the other end and punished them. They were complaining about the goal, but it was a wonderful strike from Fabinho.\" POLL: Should City have had a penalty?Now it is your turn to have your say... What's next? Liverpool and Manchester City resume their domestic campaigns after the international break on November 23, with the Reds travelling to Crystal Palace at 3pm before champions City host Chelsea on Saturday Night Football at 5.30pm, live on Sky Sports Premier League from 5pm.
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool need every Premier League point on the board so far to help them through their \"most intense period ever\" over the next six weeks. Liverpool's defeat of Manchester City 3-1 on Renault Super Sunday sent them eight points clear at the top of the table and nine ahead of the reigning champions, who are fourth.But the Reds are facing a daunting run of games, playing every few days from after the international break until the new year, and Klopp says every Premier League point amassed so far will be needed to help them through that period.Liverpool 3-1 Manchester City - Match report and highlightsLiverpool 3-1 Man City: Player ratingsPremier League table | Premier League fixtures\"I have no idea if I've ever had a nine-point lead, it has never been nine points over City, especially after a game against them so it is completely new,\" Klopp told Sky Sports. \"Each point we have now, we need to go through the most intense period ever for us. You see how Chelsea and Leicester are performing, if we lose today, it is then about five points? After the start we had, five points is nothing.\"We have to play them [Man City] again and we don't care about the table or whatever, we just try to do the right things in the specific games and if we can do that, then we are good but we need the boys for that and we have to hope they stay fit.\" 'We needed intensity to beat Man City' Sunday's result could prove to be massive in the title race this season, and Klopp was not surprised when Man City dominated the game at Anfield, but Liverpool's intensity helped to see them over the line.He added: \"We are not surprised that City had moments or more against us, it is completely normal. I don't know a lot of ways to beat City but if we want to do it, we have to do it with intensity and forcing them into our game, and that's what the boys did today.Pep Guardiola: We showed why we are championsPOLL: Should City have had a penalty?\"It didn't make it easy for City but in every situation when they're in control, it's like 'wow' and it's unfortunately like this.\"In the last 10 or 15 minutes, City scored a goal and it gave them momentum and belief and they controlled the game, but in the other 75 minutes, we controlled the game with our intensity.\"We didn't let them do what they wanted and if that was more easy, I think other teams would try it and the boys put an incredible shift in again.\"They were wonderful goals, all three goals were incredible and that's what you need on a day like this. If you want to win against City, you will not score easy goals so you have to make it kind of special and defend with all you have and that's what we did.\"Klopp unclear on City penalty claims There was a moment of controversy when Trent Alexander-Arnold appeared to handle the ball inside the area, before Liverpool scored 22 seconds later. A VAR review did not pull the game back to give Man City a penalty - and rule out Fabinho's wonderful strike - but Klopp was diplomatic about the situation.\"I didn't see it,\" he said. \"I only know what people have told me which is it first hit (Bernardo) Silva's hand and then Trent's hand so I don't know. I can imagine that is not a situation Pep [Guardiola] is really pleased with.\"Somebody has to decide that but if Silva had scored with his hand, it would have been disallowed wherever the hand was so who wants to make that decision?\"I didn't see it but I can understand each disappointment. After conceding a goal when you have a disappointment like that, I 100 per cent understand, we would have felt the exact same but we cannot change it.\"Klopp: I've never seen a goal like that Klopp praised his Liverpool players for capitalising on City's sense of injustice, and the manner in which they rubbed further salt into the champions' wounds with two more goals of the highest order.\"The reaction,\" he added, \"to be in front of their goal 22 seconds later [after the handball incident] and then for Fabinho to score with the stunner that brought us the 1-0 lead was amazing.\"I don't think I've ever seen a goal like the second one we scored, probably not. A right full-back with a 60-yard pass to the left full-back, two touches and then a cross over 40 yards and then a header. That is pretty special. It was a good moment to score a goal like that.\"And then the third goal, very good also, sensational cross and Sadio [Mane] in the right position. And around those three goals was the hardest work from the boys who deserved the three points.\"Klopp outlines Liverpool's winning formula Having ended an 18-month wait to claim their first victory over Manchester City, Klopp outlined his blueprint for beating the champions.\"If you want to beat Manchester City, which is really difficult for any team in the world, you cannot play the way they play because they are definitely the best in the way they play. It makes no sense,\" the Reds boss said.\"So we had to try to push through our way. We were intense from the first second, you could sense it was important for both teams. We scored two incredible goals. We had to suffer in moments but we were able to control the game until our legs tired.\"We needed a little bit of luck in moments, they had a bit of momentum when they made it 3-1, but we changed formations and got through.\"I liked the game. I loved the atmosphere, it was incredible. People were just amazing. And it all came against an outstandingly strong opponent.\"
Liverpool are the \"complete puzzle\" who will not relinquish their stranglehold on a first Premier League title, according to Jose Mourinho. Liverpool moved eight points clear at the top of the Premier League after defeating Manchester City 3-1 at Anfield.Liverpool 3-1 Man City - Match report and highlightsPremier League Table | Fixtures | Top scorersNo team has started better in the top division than Liverpool this season, with their 34 points from 12 games matching Manchester City during the 2017/18 campaign. The Liverpool side of 1990/91 did not go on to win the title, but Mourinho believes Jurgen Klopp's team will end their 30-year wait to be crowned champions.He said: \"If you are behind [in the title race], you have to feel like you can reach them. If you are top of the league with a big advantage, you have to feel like it is not over.POLL: Should City have had a penalty?Pep Guardiola: We showed why we're championsFind out more about Sky Sports\"But I am not there, I'm here. And here, from my position, I think it's done unless something dramatic happens in terms of an injury situation that breaks the team.\"But I think the team is a complete puzzle. I feel the way they play is adapted to the qualities of the players.\"City are capable of winning seven, eight, nine matches in a row, but I can't see how Liverpool can lose this advantage of nine points to them.\"Could Liverpool's manic month derail them? Roy Keane told Sky Sports: \"I'm not a betting man, but I think it's done.Liverpool 3-1 Man City: Player ratingsPep: We showed why we are champions\"I'm intrigued when we talk about the demands on the modern footballer about trying to win titles. People say, 'it's not going to be easy... it's not supposed to be easy.\"If it was easy, everybody would be winning league titles. Very few people win league titles. It's meant to be tough, it's meant to be demanding. \"When you look at the fixtures they've got coming up, if you're in that Liverpool dressing room, you'd be thinking 'bring it on'.\"They've got great momentum. Can there be injuries? Of course, that's part of being part of a great club.\"Souness: Don't write off City \"I don't think City were that bad today, and I tell you what makes a proper team,\" Graeme Souness told Sky Sports. \"When we were winning league titles here, that was saying more about us than winning European Cups.\"City are a proper team, and don't be writing them off. They will be back. They just played Liverpool at the wrong time today when they had big players missing.\"When you play them, you want to have all your big players playing at their best.\"Kompany: You are fighting history Special guest and former City captain Vincent Kompany believes the title race remains alive, despite witnessing Liverpool take a huge advantage in the Premier League title race.The Belgian told Sky Sports: \"I've lost here and I've won league titles. It's never been the defining moment over an entire season. It's too early. You're fighting history as well.\"We spoke about the mental side of things - 30 years without winning a league title here. For us, it's difficult to come here to play and for Liverpool, it will be difficult to bring this over the line because you're fighting history.\" The challenge facing Guardiola in numbersMan City manager Pep Guardiola has lost eight matches in all competitions against Jurgen Klopp - three more than he has against any other manager.This was the second time this season Man City have conceded three goals in a Premier League game (also 3-2 against Norwich) - they only did so once last season, losing 3-2 to Crystal Palace in December 2018.Guardiola has lost more away games at Anfield against Liverpool than he has at any other ground in all competitions (four defeats).This is the fewest points Guardiola has won through his first 12 top-flight league matches of a season (25), and the first time he has been more than three points behind the top of the table at this stage of the season (nine points currently).What's next? Liverpool and Manchester City resume their domestic campaigns after the international break on November 23, with the Reds travelling to Crystal Palace at 3pm before champions City host Chelsea on Saturday Night Football at 5.30pm, live on Sky Sports Premier League from 5pm.

Aston Villa goalkeeper Jed Steer will be out for around two months after suffering a calf injury against Wolves on Sunday. It was feared that Steer, who was helped off in the eighth minute, had ruptured his Achilles, but a scan on Monday proved otherwise.Wolves 2-1 Aston Villa - Match report and highlightsPremier League fixturesHow the teams lined upThe 27-year-old was making his first Premier League appearance of the season after first-choice 'keeper Tom Heaton was injured in training on Saturday.Steer was replaced by third-choice keeper Orjan Nyland, as Villa went on to lose the game 2-1.Steer joined Villa from Norwich in 2013. He spent the first half of last season on loan at Charlton before being recalled. He played the remainder of the season for Villa as they were promoted to the Premier League via the play-offs.
Granit Xhaka has opened up on his angry reaction to verbal abuse he suffered from Arsenal fans when substituted during the 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace, which led to him being stripped of the club's captaincy. The 27-year-old has been absent for the last four matches, with manager Unai Emery suggesting Xhaka may never play for the club again after the midfielder was left \"devastated, sad and very down\" by last month's Emirates incident, which led to him telling supporters to \"f*** off\" after he was jeered off.However, in a new interview, Switzerland international Xhaka revealed how he was consoled by Arsenal team-mates after the match, insisted that he is \"proud\" to play for the club and is \"100 per cent\" behind the team.Emery: Xhaka may not play for Arsenal againWhy Arsenal won't sack Emery yetWhat now for Arsenal and Emery?\"When my shirt number lit up on the fourth official's panel and our own fans broke into gleeful jubilation, that hit me very hard and really upset me,\" Xhaka told Swiss publication Blick. \"It was very hurtful and frustrating.\"I can't understand a reaction like that even now, especially the vehemence of it and the extreme hostility directed against me. I don't mean to say that I can't take criticism. If the team and I don't play well, we must listen and work on it.\"But insulting and swearing at your own captain will cause upset and a bad atmosphere for the team you are actually supposed to be supporting. That makes no sense to me and weakens the team's spirit. \"Some of my team-mates came to see me and that was great. They encouraged me to not let it get me down. Above all they pointed out how many Arsenal fans around the world didn't like the way the fans reacted in the stadium and condemned it.\"We're talking about football and a captaincy. I know that means the world to a lot of people here in London and I've been 100 per cent behind the club and my role as a player since I came here. I'm proud to be playing for this big club. He added: \"I'll continue to stay positive, give my all to an even greater extent and prove that I'm an important part of this great team.\"In the immediate aftermath of the incident against Palace, Arsenal offered counselling to Xhaka but reports surfaced last week that the club may try and sell him in the Janaury transfer window. Boss Emery did little to quell the speculation when it was put to him whether the club had spoken about a possible move.\"Yes, I asked that question,\" Emery said. \"The club knows the player's decision at the moment and my decision or my idea about that situation and the circumstances.\"We are now a little weaker without him in that position because we have one less player in that position.\"After the international break, I am going to speak again with him. The club is speaking also with him and we are going to decide each moment how he is and how I am thinking for how we are to use him.\"
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer purred over his Manchester United side after their \"exhilarating\" attacking performance against Brighton. United put Brighton to the sword with a dominant attacking performance full of pace and quality.Manchester United 3-1 Brighton - Match report and highlightsHow the teams lined upThe 3-1 scoreline flattered woeful Brighton, who were opened up at will in the final quarter as Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Dan James were in scintillating mood on the counter attack.Solskjaer hailed the win as United's \"best performance of the season\".\"It was a great performance and we should have won by a bigger distance,\" Solskjaer told Sky Sports.\"We attacked superbly - it was exhilarating, attacking football. The boys were so quick and we created chances. We scored three but it should have been six or seven, especially in the second half.Premier League table | Premier League fixturesHow to watch Premier League highlights\"It's a young team and you can see they enjoyed themselves. When you have a young team you need to get into the game quickly.\"We know we're not in a position we want to be. And we're far away from where we want to be. We have to keep on improving and challenge for the top four.\"After a turbulent period, Solskjaer's team sign off for the international break with five wins from their last six matches in all competitions.Solskjaer said: \"You know these six weeks or whatever it has been since the international break when we started against Liverpool, we've had five wins and a defeat after the Liverpool game.\"Of course, the Bournemouth game was disappointing, but we've had loads of answers to what we're trying to do, and if they don't get confidence from this, I don't know what to tell them.\"
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer says Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay could be out for a \"couple of weeks\" after he injured his ankle during their win over Brighton. The 22-year-old played a key role in United's comfortable 3-1 victory in the Premier League at Old Trafford on Sunday before limping off near the end.Dominant Man Utd brush aside BrightonOle thrilled with 'exhilarating' Man UtdMcTominay's injury will be assessed on Monday, with his involvement in Scotland's European Qualifiers against Cyprus and Kazakhstan seemingly in doubt. \"He went over on his ankle and it looked like a painful one,\" said Solskjaer. \"He's in for a scan [on Monday] so it could be a couple of weeks out but we hope not. He wasn't rolling around so hopefully it won't be too serious.\"McTominay also limped off during Thursday's 3-0 defeat of Partizan Belgrade in the Europa League on Thursday before being given the nod to face Brighton. Andreas Pereira's deflected goal gave United the lead on 17 minutes and it was doubled two minutes later when McTominay forced Davy Propper into putting through his own net.Lewis Dunk scored for Brighton against the run of play in the second half only for Marcus Rashford to restore the two-goal cushion.

Jonny Evans insists Leicester can only be judged after Christmas as he remained cautious over their Premier League title challenge. Brendan Rodgers' side moved up to second place going into the international break with a 2-0 victory over Arsenal on Saturday as they claimed a sixth win in their last seven league matches.Leicester ended the weekend nine points clear of fifth-placed Sheffield United, but Northern Ireland defender Evans refused to get drawn into any talk of a repeat of their title-winning heroics.\"I don't think you'll be able to judge that until after Christmas when we're getting into it,\" Evans said when asked about Leicester's chances.\"We know how seasons can finish. It'll be tough. We need a big squad to do that, and all firing in the right directions.\"We've shown we can battle games out but we've just got to do what we're doing and see where it takes us.\"It's still really early on in the season. If you look at it there's still teams like Sheffield United sitting fifth. So we know it's going to be a long season and every team can beat everyone. \"We're in good confidence at the moment but the next period, especially being Christmas, will really test everyone's squad.\"Jamie Vardy scored his 11th of the season before setting up James Maddison to score a game-clinching second 15 minutes from time at the King Power Stadium against Arsenal.Vardy was one of five members of Saturday's squad to have won the league title three years ago, but Evans refused to compare the teams.\"I think it's hard,\" said the former Manchester United and West Brom defender, who joined the Foxes in 2018. \"What they did that year was incredible. I suppose it's a compliment, really, to be compared to that team.\"I think teams disrespected Leicester that season, in terms of probably not really realising how good they were, and kept being caught short.\"After that, teams tried to become aware that they played on the counter-attack and not over-commit.\"I'm sure teams realise we are a good side and in every game I think we've played well, given everyone a test.\"


Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko believes that Tottenham can still make the top four this season, despite being 11 points behind fourth. Mauricio Pochettino's side are 14th in the Premier League after their 1-1 draw at home to Sheffield United on Saturday as their poor form continues.Tottenham 1-1 Sheffield United - Match report and highlightsPochettino: I need time to rebuildSpurs have won just three of their opening 12 league games, but Sissoko believes that they are still capable of finishing in the Champions League places this campaign.\"Of course we are far, far behind the top four, but the season is long and we can still win a lot of games,\" he said.\"It will not be easy but we know we have the qualities to do it. When we come back [after the international break] we will try to catch the teams in front of us and see where we are at the end of the season.\"Tottenham won three of their opening four games at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, having moved to their new home at the start of this season.But they have struggled for consistency in North London, losing to Newcastle and only managing draws with Watford and Sheffield United.This is a far cry from the 2016-17 campaign, when Spurs went the whole season unbeaten at home in their last year at White Hart Lane.Sissoko, who signed for Spurs at the start of that season, has demanded an improvement to their form at their new stadium.He added: \"We have to make our home a fortress. Normally we have to take most of the points at home against every team, but we have a bit of a problem with that.\"It is a shame for us because the fans are pushing us along with their support, but at the end, we don't win.\"


Unai Emery says he still retains the support of Arsenal's hierarchy despite the Gunners' faltering season slumping to a new low during a damaging 2-0 defeat at Leicester. The setback, Arsenal's fourth successive match without victory, leaves Emery's side nine points behind Leicester in the Premier League table and already in serious danger of missing out on Champions League qualification.Leicester 2-0 Arsenal - Match report and highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixtures\"We need time and we need patience,\" Emery insisted to Sky Sports. \"We changed a lot of players and we have young players. We know we are in a way with a very demanding, very ambitious in our target but we know we need time and patience.\"Asked directly if he believed Arsenal were still behind him, Emery simply replied: \"Yes\".But the defeat capped a terrible run of form for Arsenal since the last international break, with Emery's side collecting just two points from four games against Sheffield United, Crystal Palace, Wolves and Leicester.\"The most important thing is being calm, being ambitious and demanding our self to work and stand up in our mentality and in our work,\" added Emery.Emery calls for calmFor Arsenal, the defeat at Leicester was another galling 90 minutes and they now sit eight points off the top four with Emery's remit to take the club back to the Champions League now looking further away than ever since his appointment last May.Two wins from 10 in the league has seen the pressure mount on Emery's position with \"Emery Out\" once again trending on Twitter in the immediate aftermath of the game.But the beleaguered Spaniard has defended his team time and again and has asked for patience as the international fixtures promise to give him a little respite from growing criticism. \"For me, as a coach, it's about continuing stronger and improving with our players,\" he said. \"I am speaking with the club to stay calm and to stay patient to improve and recover some confidence with some circumstances.\"We are receiving criticism but I know that's my job. I've had lots of moments like that but I've recovered by working to get confidence, being together with the club and players.\"I accept all [of the criticism]. I accept the applause and I accept it when they criticise us. I know when we win, they are going to be happy and when we lose, they are going to be sad. It's normal.\"We need to stay calm and also keep improving things. Today we got one step ahead by being together and being strong defensively. But we lost because we were playing a very strong team in a good moment.\" 'Emery has disconnect with the players'Analysis from Sky Sports' Alan Smith:\"Leicester have confirmed what we thought. They are a better team and a more organised outfit than Arsenal. There is a disconnect between Emery and that Arsenal squad.\"There is a big gap between the two sides now.\"Leicester 2-0 Arsenal - Match report and highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixtures'Bigger problems than the coach'Analysis from former Arsenal captain Tony Adams:\"It's easy to blame the manager in these situations, although I don't think he's done himself a lot of favours with things like the handling of the captaincy situation, for example.\"Against Leicester, he got them organised. They did the best they could. It's one thing getting back, getting defensive and getting your shape, but then you've got to go and press, and Arsenal didn't do that. You've got to go and make contact with the players, but they just sat back. 85 per cent of goals come inside the box and they sat so deep they were sitting with me in the stand. \"There are not [any leaders in the squad]. The recruitment has been very poor for a few years now. It's difficult if you haven't got the players. The manager must be pulling his hair out because what do you do? We came here expecting a good hiding and we got one. That's not the mentality to have.\"I don't think those players go onto the pitch thinking we are going to keep a clean sheet and that's infectious. Defensively we've got worse. Koscielny has gone and David Luiz hasn't helped us.\"It's easy to blame Emery. He's got a group of players here that he's doing his best with and it's a bigger problem than this coach, it really is.\"How does Emery's record compare? What's next for the Gunners?After the international break, Arsenal host Southampton at the Emirates Stadium on November 23; Kick-off 3pm - but before then the speculation surrounding Emery's position is sure to continue.
Arsenal are unlikely to sack Unai Emery mid-season but his long-term prospects at the club look bleak, say the <em>Sunday Supplement</em> panel. Emery's side slipped to a 2-0 defeat at Leicester on Saturday, condemning the Gunners to their worst start to a season since 1982.This most recent defeat leaves Arsenal eight points adrift of the top four, with Emery coming under severe pressure from parts of the Arsenal fanbase surrounding his future.Leicester 2-0 Arsenal - Match report and highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixturesHowever, Emery says he still retains the support of Arsenal's hierarchy despite the Gunners' faltering season slumping to a new low, and Rob Draper, chief football writer at the Mail on Sunday, cannot see the Spaniard being dismissed mid-season.He told the Sunday Supplement: \"Emery was talking post-match about how he'll sort it out given time but there's absolutely no evidence that he can sort it out in time. It's been flat-lining for a while. They haven't improved since Arsene Wenger left and they don't look like they're going to.Arsenal's season hits new low - what next for Emery?\"They'll probably go and sack him now I've said this, but you get the sense they are not going to sack him this week. They'll let it run on when the club is in the top six although you could argue they are not in touch of the top four. It is still very early days, they could make the top four.\"I don't think he's on the verge of going now. I can't see how he's there next season. We're 18 months in and no one can really see the vision for Unai Emery at Arsenal. Where are they going? What's improved? At the beginning, they were slightly better coached at the back and slightly more organised but you don't get that sense anymore.\"I think they need to start looking for a new manager next season, whether they make the change mid-season, that's an interesting call.\" For Arsenal, the defeat at Leicester was another galling 90 minutes as the Foxes laid down a significant marker in the race to finish in the Premier League's top four.The Times' chief football writer Henry Winter thinks there is a huge contrast between the two clubs, both on and off the field.He said: \"The contrast between the manager, the recruitment, the belief on the pitch, direction and leadership off the pitch. Leicester have got good people working behind the scenes and Arsenal - partly because of absentee landlord Stan Kroenke - have a lack of direction. You know exactly where Leicester are going. They are upwardly mobile. And Arsenal are sliding.\"
Mauricio Pochettino fears he will not be given time to rebuild Tottenham through their transitional period after another lacklustre Premier League showing. Sheffield United overcame VAR controversy to grab a 1-1 draw at Spurs after having a goal ruled out for John Lundstram's big toe being offside, with Tottenham again lacking inspiration.Pochettino was able to start a midfield containing summer signings Giovani Lo Celso and Tanguy Ndombele for the first time in the Premier League this season but it did not inspire a change in intensity levels as the Blades looked the better side for the majority.Tottenham 1-1 Sheffield United - Match report and highlightsThe result leaves Tottenham 12th in the Premier League after 12 games and they sit 11 points off fourth place.Pochettino conceded Spurs are in a transitional period and it will take time to build a team capable of hitting their previous heights.How to watch Premier League highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixturesHe said: \"We need to find a balance. We are building a team when we play in the Champions League and the Premier League, the toughest league in the world. It is dangerous as situations like this can happen. You expect better results than you get.\"We are in the process to build and we will see if we have the time to build what we want.\" Despite being second best for the majority, Spurs took the lead through Heung-Min Son but the Blades thought they had equalised when David McGoldrick struck two minutes later. However, after a near four-minute wait at the centre circle, VAR overturned the goal as it was deemed Lundstram's big toe was offside in the build-up.Chris Wilder's men were right to feel hard done by but remained the more creative team and found a way through when George Baldock's cross from the right flew straight in (78) as Spurs just could not match United's intensity and willingness to press in midfield.\"It was an even game, when you assess the game it was a fair result, they deserved the point,\" Pochettino said.\"They were the better team in the first half and were better in the second half. We started the game not well, it was a little bit strange the feeling of Tanguy Ndombele, he never felt comfortable in the game and maybe that affected the team.\"We arrived to the first half and we changed for Harry Winks and then we played better. We are disappointed because we knew we were going to find a team who would be aggressive and very energetic, well organised. This is the worst opponent you can have when you come to play from Wednesday in the Champions League, a very long way.\"I am disappointed because in the moment we broke them down to lead 1-0 in the second half, not keeping that advantage or scoring the second goal in that moment when we dominated the game. We feel so disappointed, I don't know the word to use. Upset or frustrated, but it is not a happy feeling.\"

England manager Gareth Southgate says he will keeping a close eye on how Manchester City defender John Stones copes against Liverpool on Sunday. Southgate has not selected the centre-back for England since an error in a 3-1 defeat to Holland in the semi-finals of the UEFA Nations League in June.England's manager left the City defender out of his team to face Switzerland a few days later and a muscle injury saw Stones miss out on international duty in September and October.Stones has played five times for the Premier League champions since a return to full fitness, though, and is expected to start Sunday's top-of-the-table clash against Liverpool at Anfield. \"We know the quality he has. He played such an important part in our run to the World Cup semi-final, on the way to the Nations League and then had a really difficult period at the end of last season and beginning of this with injuries,\" Southgate said.\"I think it's a very important spell for him with his club. Clearly there's always competition for places at a club like City and if you can establish yourself there, then you're in a good place to be in good form when you come with us.\"As I say, the games that he's played in so far he's looked absolutely fine, but they are not always tested without the ball and I think Sunday they certainly will be.\"Southgate - like he did after Stones' mistake against Holland - praised the bravery of the former Everton defender and insisted he was focused on the present, not the past with the 25-year-old. He added: \"It's more important to me how he's playing at this moment with his club.\"I think I said after that [Holland game], I didn't play him the game after because I felt he wanted to be in a confident place when he next played for England and if he can come through this weekend strongly, then that's where he'd be I would think.\"Up to six of the players in the 27-man squad could feature in the encounter between Liverpool and City.Although the ex-Middlesbrough boss would prefer to see the number even bigger, he admitted it is those type of games he wants his internationals to feature in.\"I think, in the ideal scenario, you want players that are playing Champions League football, playing in matches where they're pushing to win trophies because the extra pressure that comes with those games is what you have to deal with with England,\" Southgate said.\"When you're playing for big clubs, there's a responsibility to perform every week. With lesser clubs, sometimes you can lose and there isn't a big inquest.\"There is of course within the club and locally, but with the big clubs that's national. The profile is just bigger and it's closer to what they face with the national team.\"Everybody's a bit calmer, generally, in those more regular league games, but these top-of-the-table clashes, you really find out more about individuals and you see the best against the very best, and that's what we're going to face in the European Championship.\"Southgate also discussed Chris Smalling, with the Manchester United defender impressing on loan at Roma.\"There's no point in bringing Chris in, in the way we would with someone like Fik (Fikayo Tomori), who's a young player, who to be with us and to train with us is important,\" he added.\"Chris has got a lot of caps and if we were bringing him in, it would be to play really and so that wasn't a consideration for this time.\"
Wolves winger Adama Traore has received his first call-up to the Spain national team. Traore, who came up through the Barcelona youth ranks, replaces the injured Valencia forward Rodrigo in Roberto Moreno's squad for their Euro 2020 Qualifiers against Malta and Romania. Both Group F games will be shown live on Sky Sports.The 23-year-old has represented Spain, the county where he was born, at various youth levels but is also eligible to play for Mali.Reports had emerged this week Traore had elected to play his international football for Mali, but he insists that is not entirely accurate.\"The truth is I've spoke with Mali, but I didn't sign anything,\" Traore told the Express and Star.\"I've been in contact with them and they've shown interest. There has been a bit of confusion. I haven't decided yet.\" Traore left Barcelona in 2015 to join Aston Villa, who he will come up against playing for Wolves on Sunday, live on Sky Sports.After a season at Villa, Traore moved on to Middlesbrough before being signed by Wolves in 2018. 

<em>I just don't think you understand,</em> as the Aston Villa song goes, <em>he's Dean Smith's man, better than Zidane - we've got super John McGinn.</em> Jack Grealish is the poster boy but it is - in his own manager's words - \"untidy on the eye\" McGinn who has become a cult hero at Villa, and even had Manchester United interested in the summer. Why?After 11 games, the former Hibernian midfielder was the only Premier League player that ranked in the top 10 for shots, tackles, dribbles, fouls won, duels won and possession won in the final third. To call him an all-rounder would be an understatement.Find out more about Sky SportsWhat's on Sky Sports this weekAston Villa fixturesThe noise around him has not fallen on deaf ears.\"I was sat in the garden the other week having a cup of coffee and I could even hear my neighbour's kid singing the McGinn song in the bathroom,\" Smith tells Sky Sports ahead of Villa's trip to Wolves on Super Sunday.The Villa manager sits relaxed and at home at the training ground of the club he supported as a boy. Pitches are backdropped with building sites as the Bodymoor Heath complex continues to be relocated nearby to make way for HS2, but it remains a stone's throw from the Belfry which Smith visits \"now and again - if I want to take some money off John Terry\".The club is in transition following a &#163;100m-plus investment in new players after a three-year Premier League absence but McGinn, who has played every minute of Villa's campaign so far, provides consistency. He has been named man of the match in four of Villa's 11 league matches.The reasons are technical and tactical. His understanding of the game is his best attribute, according to his boss, \"knowing when he needs to slow it down, when he needs to quicken the tempo\". But McGinn's character is what sets him apart.\"People sometimes overlook that, and that's what makes him,\" says Smith. \"He's well liked in the dressing room, he's got a bit of banter about him. He goes out and trains hard, doesn't train well every time, but trains hard. When he goes out and plays it's almost like it's his last game. \"It's hard to liken him to somebody but when I was growing up one of the best players was Bryan Robson. He could bustle, tackle, score and create - John's nowhere near that level yet but that's the way he's heading as long as he keeps progressing the way he is. He would probably rather me give a Scotsman as a comparison!\"The dilemma for Villa's manager has been what to do with a player that can do everything. \"I'm asking him to get in the opposition box and score, but also create,\" says Smith, who shifted McGinn into a more advanced midfield role after taking over as manager in October 2018. \"That was the thing I felt we could help him with, because of his intelligence tactically.\" The change worked. McGinn scored six goals in Villa's end-of-season promotion run, including the '&#163;170m' goal in the play-off final. Only &#163;22m summer-signing Wesley (four) has scored more goals for Villa this season than McGinn, who got his first international hat-trick for Scotland last month.But McGinn will be the first to admit he should have a higher return, says Smith. The midfielder has had more shots (32) than Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang, Marcus Rashford and Teemu Pukki.\"It's probably been a little bit about sometimes reining him in,\" says Smith. \"But we certainly don't want to stop him doing what he's really good at, which is arriving in the opposition box.\"'It won't bother John that people are looking at Jack' Grealish, 24 and just a year younger than McGinn, has been nominated for the Premier League player of the month and continues to be closely watched by England manager Gareth Southgate. The Birmingham-born No 10, with his slicked-back hair and shins exposed, is the most-fouled player in the top flight. McGinn, third on that list, is happy to fly under the radar.Is Grealish ready for England?\"They're thick as thieves the two of them - Jack and John,\" says Smith. \"John made a comment that in the looks department they'd be 12 out of 20, he'd be two and Jack would be 10! They work really well together. They've got a great understanding and great banter away from the pitch as well. It helps that they click together.\"It won't bother John that people are looking at Jack all the time. He'll actually shy away from headlines, just gets his head down and wants to play football.\"Pep Guardiola called Grealish \"too expensive\" for Manchester City earlier this month. When McGinn was asked about his own reported &#163;50m price-tag, he valued himself at &#163;5.Smith is happy the Villa owners would not be quite so humble. It is why he is unfazed by McGinn's growing list of admirers.\"Our job is to improve players in order to improve our team,\" says Smith. \"By him getting better, if it attracts suitors then so be it. There's nothing you can do to stop that. In fact you encourage it because we're ambitious here at Aston Villa, we've got two owners who are looking to the future and want to keep the best players that we've got.\"We're not a club that wants to sell. We want to keep improving as a team and we've got owners, thankfully, that want to do that.\"The adoration of John McGinn is spreading very quickly.\"Watch McGinn in action as Villa play Wolves live on Sky Sports Premier League from 1pm on Sunday; Kick-off is 2pm.

Frank Lampard has said he always believed Christian Pulisic would become a \"big player\" for Chelsea after he scored his fifth Premier League goal in three games in <a href='https://www.skysports.com/football/chelsea-vs-c-palace/report/408092'>Saturday's 2-0 win over Crystal Palace</a>. Pulisic, a &#163;58m signing from Borussia Dortmund, had a spell out of the team earlier this season but has won back his place in the side recently and his fine form continued against Palace as he headed home Chelsea's second goal from close range (79) after Tammy Abraham's opener (52).The win made it six in a row for Chelsea in the Premier League and lifted them above Manchester City into second place in the table.Asked whether Pulisic's recent performances vindicate the decision to bed him in slowly, Lampard said: \"I don't think it's vindication, I think it's more that Christian came from another league and didn't have a break.\"He played some games early on and the pace of the Premier League is tough for any player, it's been proven time and time again.\"But with Christian, I always believed that he had huge talent and was going to be a big player for us, and he's absolutely showing that. \"I thought he was first-class today, as he has been recently. Energy, movement of the ball, slipping past people, working off the ball and the quality. He's getting into areas and scoring in and around the six-yard box, which I think is a huge thing for any wide player.\"The only downside was a suspected hip problem that led to his substitution straight after his goal - although Lampard is optimistic that it won't prove serious.\"The only frustration is he comes off with a bit of an injury, which he was going to get subbed off for before his goal,\" he said. \"He's got a bit of a hip issue but I'm hoping it's not too bad because the way he's in full flow at the minute is great to see.\" Lampard also praised Abraham, whose goal took him to 10 in the Premier League this season, moving him level with Leicester's Jamie Vardy at the top of the scoring charts.Premier League top scorersAsked what it says about him that he was able to convert his first chance following a quiet first half, Lampard joked: \"It says he needs to be better in the first half, doesn't it?\"I spoke to Tammy because, as a striker, there are games in the Premier League that will frustrate you because good defenders won't give you much space behind and maybe not in front either, so that is a problem for Tammy to solve.\"He was quite quiet [in the first half] but I think for any top striker, we expect a lot. We expect everything, goals, hold-up play, running in behind, but it's not always possible.\"What you need to do is stay in the game, stay bright and lively and keep trying and keep running, which he did, and he gets his goal, which he took clinically.\"So it was a great game from Tammy, even though it might not be his best game for the showreel. When you think about tough games, when you get the goal that pushes you in front to help you get the goal, then that's just as important.\"
Everton manager Marco Silva has dismissed claims he was under pressure after seeing his side record a crucial 2-1 win over Southampton at St Mary's. Danny Ings cancelled out Tom Davies' opener, but Richarlison pounced with 15 minutes remaining to secure Everton's first away league win of the season at the sixth time of asking.Southampton 1-2 Everton: Match report and highlightsHow to watch Premier League highlightsPremier League Table | Fixtures | Top scorersSilva believes his side might had earned an extra five points from their previous two league games - with the Premier League confirming Brighton were wrongly awarded a penalty during their 3-2 win at the Amex Stadium a fortnight ago.But despite fresh newspaper reports of a potential managerial change at Goodison Park during the international break - and visible outpourings of emotion after both Everton goals - the Portuguese insists he has never felt his position was under scrutiny.\"No, myself? Why would I be feeling the pressure? Maybe if you spoke more about football and less about speculation it would be different,\" he said at his post-match press conference.\"I never feel pressure, which is good for me because I don't agree with what's written sometimes. For me, football is always a privilege. Being manager of Everton is always a privilege. \"For me, it is how I look to life and to my job. We had a clear objective and we knew they would want to come and show their character, personality and win a football match. We had to be brave like they would be in their first match since the Leicester game. We had to match their aggression and then enjoy what we are doing.How the teams lined upFind out more about Sky Sports\"I put pressure on myself and my staff every single day and I push my players to be better every single day. All the other things are just rumour and I didn't lose one second thinking about that.\"Despite Silva's refusal to appear perturbed by speculation surrounding his future, this was a significant result for his team. Everton have been wretched on the road this season, failing to replicate their form at Goodison, and this ended a run of four consecutive away losses in the Premier League. A first win on the road in nine attempts, previously earning all three points at West Ham in March, lifts them to 13th in the table and there is now a far brighter outlook heading into the international break.The same cannot be said for Southampton, who slumped to a fourth consecutive home defeat at St. Mary's for the very first time, and they failed to muster a single shot on goal in the opening 45 minutes. Ralph Hasenhuttl faces an anxious fortnight searching for answers with his side marooned in the relegation zone with just eight points from their opening 12 games.The Austrian had no complaints about the result, stating: \"When I see my team's performance in the first half, normally you don't get anything in football. We conceded a very early goal, and this has happened very often in our home games. After this, you could feel the lack of self-confidence. \"All we prepared for this game was gone in that moment. Nobody wanted to have the ball anymore, and the spaces we wanted to use, nobody saw. We weren't brave enough and simply we weren't good enough. At half-time, I felt Sofiane brought us more risks and was more offensive. We gave a good reaction at the beginning of the second half.\"Sofiane gave us a real lift and we got the equaliser, but when we defend like this, and are exposed like we were [for the second goal], this simply isn't good enough.\"What's next?Southampton travel to face Arsenal in the Premier League at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday, November 23 at 3pm while Everton host Norwich City on the same day and at the same time at Goodison Park.

Manuel Pellegrini admitted West Ham's recent run of form has begun to worry him as they slumped to a fourth loss in five games at Burnley. The Hammers had little excuse for such a poor performance against a side nearly as out of form as themselves, with Burnley beaten in their previous three games ahead of Saturday's encounter.Burnley 3-0 West Ham - match report and highlightsLanzini stretchered off in West Ham lossA series of poor individual errors saw them 3-0 down seven minutes after half-time but their second-half performance should have condemned them to a more significant defeat, and only a number of saves from Roberto and some wayward Burnley finishing saved them from further humiliation.Since moving joint-third with a 2-0 win over Manchester United on September 22, West Ham have picked up only one point from six games, conceding 13 goals and scoring only six in that period, and have slumped to 16th in the Premier League table.\"Of course it is a concern how the performances have dipped,\" Manuel Pellegrini told Sky Sports. \"It's a very difficult moment, but we have to perform as a team. In this moment we have a lot of poor performances from a lot of players and now we are trying to recover, not only the results but the trust too.\"I don't know if today was unacceptable, but there were big mistakes for the goals. The first goal a set-piece, it was a corner which was not a corner so that was a mistake from the referee, but we must defend it anyway. Then there were two very big mistakes.\"It's more than confidence, we are conceding too many goals. Three against Newcastle, three set-pieces. If you concede so many difficult goals, it is very difficult to win.\"Rice: We haven't kicked on since UnitedIn West Ham's next home game after their Manchester United win, a suckerpunch last-minute winner from Crystal Palace stunned the London Stadium at the start of their run of poor form.With the Hammers having picked up 11 points from their opening six games and only two from their next half-dozen, midfielder Declan Rice told Sky Sports that loss had proved a pivotal moment in their season to date.He said: \"We've been like that since the Palace game, the last five games. Nowhere near good enough, from the start of the season when we had that high, we haven't kicked on and we've been poor, there's no two ways about it.How to watch Premier League highlightsPremier League table | Premier League fixtures\"It's hard to say why or put it down to one thing. We train really hard during the week, there's been a real buzz about the place, but it gets to the game and it looks like when we go 1-0 down our heads drop. We need to learn, we've been in this situation last year. Do the basics, get back to the basics - the running, the tackling, the five-yard passes.\"I'm sure the manager will get the players together and we'll be working really hard.\"Analysis: Hammers in big troubleSky Sports' Ron Walker:\"The way West Ham capitulated after they had conceded their third goal against Burnley was nearly as worrying as the performance to that point. They totally collapsed, their confidence is clearly at rock-bottom and too many big players on big wages are not performing.\"Last season's star Felipe Anderson was hooked early again and has managed just three assists and no goals all season, this summer's big signing Sebastian Haller was barely involved and Issa Diop and Fabian Balbuena look like total strangers.\"One win will move them right back into contention and the confidence that will bring will be huge, but their next three opponents are Tottenham, Chelsea, Wolves and Arsenal. It's not going to get any easier.\"

In an exclusive interview with <em>Sky Sports</em> - conducted in Spanish ahead of Saturday's crucial clash with Leicester - Unai Emery attempts to explain what he is trying to do with this Arsenal side and why, following conversations with the club's hierarchy, he is relaxed about his future. Just when it seemed Arsenal might claim a much-needed win - albeit not the most convincing one - their defence was breached and all the frustration of the last few months was ramped up again. Wednesday's draw with Vitoria Guimaraes was the fourth consecutive game in which they have surrendered a lead. These are testing times for Unai Emery.Arsenal are still on track for the Europa League knockout stages, but in the Premier League they are six points off the top four ahead of Saturday's trip to the King Power Stadium, where they will face a buoyant Leicester side with Champions League aspirations of their own.What's on Sky Sports this weekFind out more about Sky SportsIt is a daunting prospect. Arsenal's poor recent form has caused discontent among supporters. The Granit Xhaka episode added to the turbulence, with the captaincy passed on to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang instead, but it's the man in the dugout who is now under the spotlight.Much of the scrutiny has centred on what exactly Emery is trying to do with this team. He talked of \"protagonism\", pressing and playing out from the back when he took over from Arsene Wenger, but right now Arsenal seem more comfortable playing on the counter-attack than dictating the play.Has his vision for the side changed?\"We are still in construction, trying to be competitive,\" Emery tells Sky Sports. \"There have been games where the team has played very well from the point of view of building up the play, and there have been other games where we have performed very well in terms of pressing our opposition.\"I can give two clear examples from this season. In terms of build-up play, we can talk about the first half against Watford, which I think was the best first half of the season, when we went in at the break two goals up.\"Then, in terms of being organised to press and counter-attack, because of the circumstances and the team we are playing against, there was the game at Eintracht Frankfurt [a 3-0 win], which was a complete game. So those are two performances in which we have used the two ideas.\"Xhaka misses 'must-win' Leicester tripTop-four race to be decided?Save over 40% with NOW TVEmery wants Arsenal to be capable of approaching games in different ways, in other words. But how does he respond to accusations that his side lacks a clear identity?\"We are working on that,\" he says. \"We are in that process. Last year was a season in which the team showed it was capable of using different systems and performing at a level which was mostly good. This year, we have had more problems because some new players are having to adapt and there have been some difficult circumstances. \"But we are working hard, first to find emotional stability, then to be a team that plays good football with the ball and is also capable of being aggressive in terms of the pressure we put on our opponents. That is still the idea that I want to give to this team.\"At the moment, however, Emery's side are struggling to control games. They were outshot by Vitoria by 15 to seven on Wednesday and the statistics were similarly alarming against Wolves last weekend. Emery is rarely critical of his side's performances in public - he tries to protect his players wherever possible - but the Wolves game in particular frustrated him.\"Against Wolves, the team did not play to the idea I had in my head,\" he says. \"The team was not capable of imposing itself on the game in order to win it. That's another step for us to make, but the team did not give the answer that I wanted in that game.\"I think we have to be better at keeping the ball, better at controlling it. We did one thing very well against them, which was that we didn't let them counter-attack against us and that was important because they are one of the best teams on the counter-attack, but when we had the ball, we weren't able to create chances to win the game.\" It is no secret that a lack of creativity has been an issue for Arsenal this season - as well as giving up more shots to their opponents, the statistics show that they are attempting fewer themselves - and it is part of the reason why Mesut Ozil has returned to the side recently.\"We have different players to use in different games,\" says Emery. \"Mesut Ozil has characteristics that are very good for the team. When he is available, when he is consistent and positive in the day-to-day, he is an important player for our game, because we need a player like him.\"But we also have other players, like [Dani] Ceballos, who is in a process of adaptation, like Matteo [Guendouzi], who has improved a lot, like Lucas Torreira as well. Then we have experienced players like [Alexandre] Lacazette, like Auba, and players who have to grow like [Gabriel] Martinelli.\"I think right now we need to help all these players take another step forward and take confidence so that we are capable of winning games like the one against Wolves.\" Arsenal's summer of transfer spending has raised expectations this season. But Emery is quick to point out that the side needs time to settle and he mentions other factors - the sudden departure of Laurent Koscielny, the attempted robbery of Ozil and Sead Kolasinac and the furore around Xhaka - which have also contributed to destabilising the squad.\"We are in a process and in any process, you have to have patience,\" he says. \"We have some players who need time to adapt and some things have happened which mean the team has not been stable, but I am convinced that we are going to improve and find ways to win, which is the most important thing, but while playing well as well. \"This year at Arsenal, we have made many changes - necessary changes - but we must have patience while we blend the squad together to get the results we want. We are playing a lot of games and each game gives us more information. I have to know how to use different players in different moments so that in the future they can help us - or not - depending on how they respond.\"Emery's efforts to find a successful formula have prompted a succession of formation changes in recent weeks, including the return to a back three for the trip to Portugal on Wednesday. The chopping and changing can be challenging for the players, but Emery is confident in their ability to adapt and rejects the suggestion that there is a risk of confusion. \"These players have a high level of experience and they have demonstrated in the past that they can adapt to different positions,\" he says. \"Mesut Ozil, for example, is best playing inside, but when we have put him on the flank he has done well.\"We have Torreira, who is capable of playing a pressing game and playing in the build-up play, but who is also very good at arriving in the box as the second line of attack.How Sterling joined the eliteCharlie's Premier League predictionsFind out more about Sky Sports\"We have full-backs who have great attacking qualities, like [Hector] Bellerin, Ainsley [Maitland-Niles], Kolasinac and Kieran Tierney who, when we play with three centre-backs to cover us at the back, can go forward and give us a lot.\"When I change our system, it is always with our players in mind rather than the opposition's. It's about adapting our players to the idea I want, to use them in the best way we can and be better than the opponent.\"One player still working to produce his best form this season is club-record signing Nicolas Pepe. The winger, a &#163;72m arrival from Lille, where he scored 23 goals in 41 games last season, has only scored three in 13 so far for Arsenal, but Emery and his coaching staff are working closely with him as he continues to adapt to his new surroundings. \"He just needs time, and to be demanding of himself,\" says Emery. \"We are with him, working individually with him and showing him videos of where he can improve. The intensity of the game and the opponents in England demands a lot of you. He has to adapt to that, and we have to help him so that he can keep taking steps forward.\"Some fans were puzzled that he did not feature in the draw with Wolves last weekend despite scoring twice in the home win over Vitoria, but Emery believes it's important to manage his workload.\"His process of adapting to the team is positive, but a little slower than what we wanted. We have to be patient as well as demanding and what's more, we have to ensure that he takes responsibility himself.\"He is not quite at the level yet to be able to play in every game. I believe, and I have always believed, that he needs to play in order to reach that level, but obviously there are also games when other players deserve to play. I use the players who I think are going to help us most in each moment.\"But we bought Pepe knowing that the first year would be difficult, that it would be a year of adaptation. We want that to happen as quickly as possible, but we are seeing that we have to have patience.\"As for his own future, Emery is not worried.\"When I speak to the club, they always transmit calm to me, which I try to transmit to the players and to the fans, knowing that we have an important objective this season,\" he says. \"I have explained many times that I don't feel pressure. Pressure is just what people talk about. I am demanding of myself and I feel responsible. I prepare for games with those things in mind. Whether we win or whether we lose, I prepare in the same way.\"People have opinions and that's logical. We are privileged in our position at Arsenal that we have a lot of fans who support us and also methods of communication that put us in contact with them. When you win, they are happy and they applaud. When you lose, they protest. But this happens at all the teams I have been at.\"Last year we had a good season, reaching the final of the Europa League and getting to the final weeks of the season with a chance of finishing in the top four, which is the objective, to get into the Champions League. This year is another step. We are there in the Europa League, but in the Premier League we are a few points behind where we want to be.\"Of course, we have to make progress. It's our job to rebuild our confidence, to get the wins we need to make the fans happy and to see the Arsenal that we all want. I am confident that we will do that.\"Watch Leicester vs Arsenal live on Sky Sports Premier League HD from 5pm on Saturday; Kick-off 5.30pm
Team news, key stats and predictions as the Premier League returns, with four games live on Sky Sports this weekend. Charlie's Premier League predictionsPremier League fixturesPremier League tableGrab 2 months of the Sky Sports Month Pass for just &#163;20 per monthManchester United vs Brighton - Sunday, 2pm kick-offScott McTominay and Harry Maguire should be fit for Man Utd after picking up knocks in the midweek win against Partizan Belgrade. Victor Lindelof could also return, although Ole Gunnar Solskjaer did say the defender had not trained this week.Paul Pogba remains out for the rest of the month along with long-term absentees Timothy Fosu-Mensah and Eric Bailly. Luke Shaw and Axel Tuanzebe are expected to miss out too, while Ashley Young serves a one-match suspension after picking up five yellow cards.Brighton remain without Bernardo and Jose Izquierdo for the game on Sunday while Adam Webster will also miss out after damaging his ankle ligaments in last weekend's game with Norwich City.How to watch Premier League highlightsLive football on Sky Sports this weekAll 8 Sky Sports channels now for &#163;20 a monthStat of the match: Manchester United have never lost in their 11 previous home meetings with Brighton in all competitions, winning nine and drawing two. How to watch: Follow the action with our dedicated live blog. Highlights of the game will be published shortly after full-time on the Sky Sports website and app plus the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel.Charlie's prediction: 2-0 (6/1 with Sky Bet)Wolves vs Aston Villa - Sunday, 2pm kick-off, live on Sky Sports Premier LeagueDiogo Jota will return to the Wolves squad on Sunday. The forward missed the Europa League win against Slovan Bratislava through suspension and he is likely to start the match on Sunday. Ryan Bennett (groin) is fit again but Morgan Gibbs-White remains a doubt with a back injury, while Willy Boly will not play again until next year after recently suffering a fractured leg.Aston Villa captain Jack Grealish is rated 50-50, according to boss Dean Smith. The attacking midfielder has been struggling with a heavy bleed on a calf that forced him out of the Carabao Cup win against Wolves, and the agonising late defeat at home to Liverpool last weekend.Keinan Davis remains sidelined with a hamstring problem sustained during the Wolves game, while for fellow striker Jota the game comes too soon as he continues his recovery from a hernia operation.Stat of the match: Aston Villa beat Wolves in their League Cup meeting last month - they last beat them twice in the same season in the 2003-04 Premier League campaign. How to watch: Wolves vs Aston Villa is live on Renault Super Sunday from 1pm; kick-off 2pm. Sky Sports customers can watch in-game clips in the live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will also be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle.Charlie's prediction: 2-1 (15/2 with Sky Bet)Liverpool vs Manchester City - Sunday, 4.30pm kick-off, live on Sky Sports Premier LeagueLiverpool defender Joel Matip has not recovered from a knee injury and will miss the visit of Manchester City. Virgil Van Dijk, who was absent from training on Thursday \"for other reasons\" according to manager Jurgen Klopp, is fully fit and captain Jordan Henderson has recovered from illness. Xherdan Shaqiri remains sidelined with a calf problem.Manchester City goalkeeper Claudio Bravo will make his first Premier League appearance in 18 months after Ederson was ruled out.A thigh injury forced the number one off at half-time in the midweek draw at Atalanta and he has failed a fitness test ahead of the Anfield trip.David Silva looks unlikely to play due to a muscular injury of his own and there are also doubts over Rodri (hamstring). Oleksandr Zinchenko, Leroy Sane and Aymeric Laporte remain sidelined. Stat of the match: Since becoming Barcelona manager in 2008, Man City boss Pep Guardiola has lost more games against Jurgen Klopp in all competitions than he has against any other manager (7).How to watch: Liverpool vs Man City is live on Renault Super Sunday from 4pm; kick-off 4.30pm. Sky Sports customers can watch in-game clips in the live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will also be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle. Charlie's prediction: 2-2 (11/1 with Sky Bet)

Manuel Pellegrini must wait to see if Manuel Lanzini faces an extended spell on the sidelines after he suffered a serious-looking injury during West Ham&#8217;s 3-0 defeat at Burnley on Saturday. The Argentine had to have oxygen after hurting his shoulder in a collision with Ashley Westwood during added time in the second half at Turf Moor.Pellegrini worried by Hammers slumpLanzini was stretchered off the pitch and was subsequently taken to hospital.Pellegrini had already lost captain Mark Noble to injury after just 20 minutes of the game, although West Ham's official Twitter reported he had only suffered a knock. \"We must see what the doctor says,\" Pellegrini said of Lanzini's injury.\"It seems it's not so easy but we'll see how long he needs to recover.\" Pellegrini's side trailed at the break following goals from Ashley Barnes and Chris Wood before Hammers goalkeeper Roberto punched the ball into his own net after the break to make it 3-0 to the home side as he failed to deal with a corner from Westwood.




The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals. Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSpainReal Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and could make an offer for the striker next summer when he will have just one year remaining on his contract. (El Desmarque)Manchester United are ready to make Tottenham an offer of &#163;42m in January to secure the signing of Christian Eriksen, whose contract expires next summer. (El Desmarque)Manchester United have watched Valencia trio Jose Gaya, Carlos Soler and Ferran Torres this season but it is left-back Gaya who is thought to be United's primary target and they could make an offer for the 24-year-old in January. (Deporte Valenciano)Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is frustrated with Zinedine Zidane's public courtship of Kylian Mbappe as he does not want the club's relationship with Paris Saint-Germain to suffer and put a future deal for the French star at risk. (El Confidencial)Real Madrid are prepared to offer Manchester United James Rodriguez as part of any deal for midfielder Paul Pogba. The French star is also wanted by Juventus. (El Desmarque) FrancePSV head coach Mark van Bommel is a surprise candidate on the list of names Bayern Munich are considering as their head coach. The former midfielder spent five years with the German giants. (L'Equipe)Thiago Silva and Edinson Cavani are both set to leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season when their contracts expire. (Le10Sport)Paris Saint-Germain can't afford to offer Kylian Mbappe a contract that puts him alongside Neymar as the club's top earner. The Brazilian receives around &#163;25m a year after tax and raising Mbappe to that level would see the club fall foul of FFP. (L'Equipe) ItalyNapoli midfielder Allan's future is uncertain after he was left out of the squad to face Genoa. The Brazilian was involved in a dressing-room disagreement with president Aurelio De Laurentiis over the decision to force the players into a week-long training camp. (Various)Krzysztof Piatek may look to move away from Milan and is open to a return to former club Genoa. The striker scored 19 goals in 21 games for Il Grifone to earn a &#163;30m to San Siro in January 2018 but has netted only 14 times since. (Corriere dello Sport)Roma are interested in Napoli full-back Elseid Hysaj but would have to pay around &#163;20m to sign the 25-year-old who has made only three first-team appearances this season. (Corriere dello Sport)HollandAjax head coach Erik ten Hag is very interested in taking charge at Bayern Munich but isn't prepared to join the Bundesliga champions until next summer. (De Telegraaf)
Unai Emery admits Granit Xhaka may have played his last game for Arsenal and revealed conversations have taken place over whether he should be sold in January. The midfielder has been absent for the last three matches after telling supporters to \"f*** off\" as he was jeered as he was substituted during a draw against Crystal Palace last month.Emery, having later stripped Xhaka of the captaincy, confirmed he had taken the decision for him to sit out Saturday's game at Leicester after conversations between the pair ended with the 27-year-old declaring he was unavailable.Xhaka to miss 'must-win' Leicester tripSokratis: Arsenal captaincy not importantIn the immediate aftermath of the incident against Palace, the club offered counselling to a player who Emery described as \"devastated, sad and very down\".He will now miss what could be a key game at Leicester as Emery stated he had taken the call to once again leave him out.\"Not yet,\" Emery replied when asked if Xhaka was ready to feature at the King Power Stadium.\"I spoke with him on Tuesday about how he's feeling now and how he is in his mind. He's working well, he's training well, but he said to me that he's not feeling good enough at the moment to play. We are going to wait. \"It's my decision, 100 per cent. But first I need to speak to him because he's a person, our player and I want to know how he is feeling now. And then I decide.\"Pushed on whether Xhaka may never play for Arsenal again, he added: \"As a coach I have a responsibility for the team. We need a player like Granit Xhaka.\"But also, I don't know if he's going to play again. I don't know, because if he is available in his mind to continue helping us and continuing defending the Arsenal shirt, I think time is giving us that solution.\"And then, if I decide he is in the group with us, if he is ready and 100 per cent in his mind with the decision to help us and to play with his quality helping us. Because we know we need that quality and that player.\" Reports surfaced earlier in the week that the club may try and move Xhaka on in the winter transfer window to alleviate what could potentially become a long-term problem.And Emery did little to quell the speculation when it was put to him whether the club had spoken about a possible move.\"Yes, I asked that question,\" he said. \"The club knows the player's decision at the moment and my decision or my idea about that situation and the circumstances.\"We are now a little weaker without him in that position because we have one less player in that position. \"I am not thinking about that because we are in November and we are going to play a lot of matches in November and December. We cannot change him in that two months.\"I need to be focused on the match tomorrow with the players we have, and then after the international break I am going to speak again with him.\"The club is speaking also with him and we are going to decide each moment how he is and how I am thinking for how we are to use him.\" How to watch Leicester vs ArsenalWatch Leicester vs Arsenal live on Saturday Night Football from 5pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 5.30pm.Live football on Sky - what's on this week?All Premier League fixturesNon-subscribers can watch the game through NOW TV - get a Sky Sports Day Pass for a one-off payment of &#163;9.99.Sky Sports customers can watch in-game clips in the live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City will battle Liverpool for the Premier League title \"until the very end\" ahead of their crucial match at Anfield. City travel to Liverpool on Sunday - live on Sky Sports Premier League - knowing that a win would close the gap at the top of the table to just three points.Live on Sky: Liverpool vs Man CityDe Bruyne: Why I love playing at AnfieldHowever, the reigning champions have not won at Anfield in 16 years, and Liverpool will go nine points clear ahead of the international break if they defeat City.Ahead of the game, Aguero told City's website: \"We'll fight until the very end - it's my personal philosophy and a motto of this football club. We made it abundantly clear last year, holding the lead during that gruelling home stretch.\"This season didn't start off the way we wanted it to, and some of the results we've had weren't the ones we set out to achieve.\"However, there's a quite a bit of road ahead of us. It certainly won't be easy, but who said it would ever be? We have to trust our game, give our utmost effort, and just like usual, fight until the very end.\"Aguero has 13 goals in all competitions this season, and Pep Guardiola heaped praise on the striker in his pre-match press conference.\"He was born scoring goals and will die scoring goals,\" he enthused. \"He is an exceptional player.\"But we have two incredible strikers. He has qualities that are different from Gabriel (Jesus) but I'm so delighted with both of them.\"

What betting opportunities are out there? If anyone knows, Jones Knows.  Love yourself. That's what they say, isn't it? How can you be loved if you can't love yourself?Well, sometimes it's OK to hate yourself. We all make glaring errors in life.Like putting the latest iPhone you've bought on 'aeroplane mode' - and throwing it off a tall building, as your mate convinced you the new model included the technology to make a phone fly.Or, perhaps making a strong case for Hull City to beat Fulham last weekend at 5/1, but deciding to be greedy and advising followers to back the 7/1 for both teams to score - and Hull win to nil.Don't worry, only one of those situations occurred for Jones Knows.Seeing Hull run out comfortable 3-0 winners was as tough to watch as that Deliveroo advert that is currently plastered across every TV channel.In frustrating punting times like these, it's key to stay focused on the process. With the Hull bet, the logic was spot on but a mix of greed to find a bigger price and slightly poor decision-making has cost us a chance to bang in a massive winner.Promising returns are on the horizon. Patience will be rewarded soon. Then the love-in will begin.Play Super 6 hereRemember, whatever I tip, I back. We're in this together, comrades. Do check out the Profit & Loss record for full clarity on the results. Current returns are: -9 pts.Dim the lights, it's time to see if Jones Knows...2pts Jones Knows double on Birmingham to beat Fulham & QPR to beat Middlesbrough 11/2Scott Parker could have done with an easier fixture than a trip to Birmingham after calling for a reaction from his Fulham players. The defeat at home to Hull means the west Londoners have won just one of their last five, and the heat is growing on the rookie boss. Birmingham have taken 16 points at St Andrew's this season, including winning the last three. Only Preston and Cardiff have picked up more points at home this season.Pep Clotet has put together an attack-minded team, capable of providing a static Fulham back four with plenty of problems, in similar fashion to Hull last weekend. Only Swansea and West Brom have had more shots on target from inside the box at home than Birmingham this season. I'm not sure why the markets have Fulham as favourites in this one - the 2/1 for a home win seems generous.Like Parker, another man under pressure at the moment is Jonathan Woodgate at Middlesbrough.Boro are without a win in eight Sky Bet Championship games, failing to score in each of the last four. They've not gone nine league games without a win outside the top-flight since 1989. Woodgate has yet to really stamp a style of play in his first managerial role, something that can't be directed at Mark Warburton at QPR.He has got them playing some sexy stuff at Loftus Road and their record against relegation-threatened teams is impressive. Wigan, Millwall, Blackburn Rovers and Luton have all been swatted away by the Rs this season. Middlesbrough look likely to go the same way.1pt on Jamie Vardy to score first and Leicester to win 1-0 or 2-0 (Leicester vs Arsenal, Saturday, live on Sky Sports at 5:30)Sometimes the glaringly obvious is hard to pass up. It's easy to over-complicate analysis when searching for value in the market but this bet sticks out like a sore thumb this weekend.Leicester are trading around Evens to beat Arsenal on Saturday night, a price that will be generating lots of interest in punting circles.On what we've seen so far this season, Leicester look absolute good things to cause more misery for Unai Emery, whose Arsenal side are regressing with every game. The lack of cohesion, organisation and confidence in their approach makes them very easy to oppose at the King Power Stadium.Arsenal's form and recent performance data make for pretty grim reading as it is, but if you just concentrate on their away results, it dips a remarkably depressing level for the Gunners faithful. Their patterns of play in the final third are nowhere near the levels required. On the road, Emery's side have only registered 43 shots on goal - the third lowest of any team in the Premier League.Meanwhile, Brendan Rodgers is building an astute and tactically shrewd side that is now odds-on to finish in the top-four after their comfortable win at Crystal Palace last weekend. On that showing, they certainly look capable of sustaining these high levels. It's a style of play that will strangle Arsenal - as was seen in the corresponding fixture last season when Leicester bossed the game and comfortably registered a 3-0 victory. Some may accuse me here of once again being greedy by going fishing for bigger prices but combining a Leicester win, Jamie Vardy to score and a Leicester clean sheet is certainly worth considering, especially at the prices available.Vardy - the definition of a streaky player in front of goal - has been a key man for Leicester and he has the tools to seriously take advantage of Arsenal's lack of positional awareness and pace at the back. He has eight goals in his last eight games against the Gunners.If you build the bet on the scorecast section on Sky Bet, you can access odds of 19/1 for a 1-0 Leicester win with Vardy notching first, and 25/1 on the same scorer but a 2-0 final score. I'll be backing both outcomes. Fancy winning &#163;250,000?Yes. You can. It's winnable. Four players have won the jackpot this season already from just 17 rounds of Super 6. And remember, it's free to play!
Jurgen Klopp says he is convinced Liverpool no longer have an issue convincing players to join the club - but admits they have no chance of signing Kylian Mbappe. Speculation in recent weeks has linked Liverpool with a move for the PSG forward, fuelled by the fact their new kit supplier Nike also have a deal with Mbappe.But when asked about signing the 20-year-old, Klopp said: \"Buying this calibre of player is difficult. I don't see any club at the moment who can buy Kylian Mbappe from PSG.\"I don't see any club; that is how it is. And we are involved in the clubs that cannot do it. It is as easy as that.\"OK, from a sporting point of view, there are not a lot of reasons to not sign him. What a player he is.\"But it is about the money, of course. No chance. Absolutely no chance. Sorry for killing that story!\"While he does not believe they can afford Mbappe, Klopp thinks Liverpool's improvement in recent seasons has increased their chances of signing the best players. They won the Champions League last season and recorded their largest ever points tally in the Premier League.They are six points clear in the league after winning 10 of their 11 games this campaign, and Klopp said: \"I don't think we struggle with convincing players. \"When you speak to a player, you can feel it, this year, last year, even three years ago, you can see in the eyes of a player; I am not sure if honour is the right word, but that it is good that we speak to them.\"The club is in a very good position. Image-wise, it maybe always was but now I think it is easier to live the life of a Liverpool supporter and that means automatically being in a situation to sign the players you want to sign.\"

Marco Silva believes controversial VAR decisions in the Premier League will cost managers their jobs this season. Everton were hit with a late penalty during their 3-2 defeat against Brighton at the Amex Stadium in October, which was awarded after Michael Keane was adjudged to have fouled Aaron Connolly in the box during the second half, with the score at 2-1 to the away side.Again the Toffees were on the receiving end of a controversial call when Dele Alli was deemed not to have handled the ball following a corner in Everton's 1-1 draw with Tottenham, despite officials watching four minutes of replay footage.VAR: What happens next?Southampton vs Everton previewSpeaking in agreement with Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp, who criticised VAR for ruling out a Roberto Firmino strike for offside in his side's win over Aston Villa, Silva said: \"I'm not talking about myself here, he was talking in general terms and he was completely right.\"It is also my opinion and the opinion of all the managers in the world, not just here in the Premier League.\"It was so clear in the last three or four games and we are talking about it costing us five or six points.\"Where would we be with those points? I don't have any doubts that we would be performing on a different level if we had those points.\"Every team in the world plays with more confidence when it is higher up the table. Now we are not in the position we want, I am not happy with the position we are in, but I know things would be completely different if football was fair with us.\"Now we go into another must-win game [at Southampton], and every game is a must-win game for us when we would have had more freedom and confidence had we been higher in the table.\" 110 games in the top-flight this season have seen pitchside monitors unused, going against the broader recommendations of FIFA.Mike Riley, head of Premier League referees, met with top-flight managers in the north of England this week to hear their opinions on the technology.Any possible VAR policy changes are set to be discussed at the next Premier League shareholders' meeting on November 14.Meanwhile, Everton's Fabian Delph (hamstring) and Andre Gomes (ankle) will be unavailable for Silva's side's clash at Southampton on Saturday, with Morgan Schneiderlin now available.
Steve Bruce has admitted many managers fear this time of year, as they believe they could be sacked during one of the international breaks. The fixture calendar pauses in September and October for international matches, and the final break of the year comes after this weekend's league games.Newcastle vs Bournemouth previewBruce: Newcastle on the right trackThe two-week gap between league matches often gives struggling sides the opportunity to change managers, and Bruce says it has been in the back of his mind.Ahead of Saturday's game against Bournemouth, he said: \"The result before the break is always that bit bigger.\"I think some of us look at October, November and think we have gone past that hurdle of getting the sack.\"I shouldn't say that, but a lot of managers think we have to get to the breaks, then we have to get past the next break.\"It's always the time when managers are sacked. It gives clubs two weeks to get a new manager and it always seems to happen then.\"So, all of us, say, 'Let's get through that first one in September'. You usually get away with that one.\"October is a bad month, and this flaming one at the end of November is awful! This time last year I was on a beach (having been sacked by Aston Villa).\"Bruce was also keen to praise Jonjo Shelvey, who returned to the starting line-up with a spectacular winning goal against West Ham last weekend.He had not started a game for over a month, but Bruce believes the emergence of youngster Matty Longstaff has given Shelvey a 'kick up the backside'.\"He responded in the right way to being left out and trained the right way,\" explained Bruce. \"The emergence of Matty has given him the kick up the backside he needed.\"We all know Jonjo is a very decent player. He set the standard last week and hopefully he will repeat that this week.\"But I honestly believe that with Jonjo, he was not fully fit, he was carrying something and it was frustrating for him. His stats last week were massive. So physically, he can do it.\"
Arsene Wenger remains in the running to take over as Bayern Munich head coach after revealing he will hold talks with the German club next week. The former Arsenal manager had emerged as a frontrunner to replace Niko Kovac before it was widely reported this week that Wenger was no longer an option for Bayern.However, in a bid to clear up the situation, Wenger told beIN Sports: \"I don't have any agent, I am the only one involved in this story. Nobody can talk on my behalf.\"I have known Franz Beckenbauer, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and Uli Hoeness for 40 years. The success of this club has been built on exceptional competency, honesty, discretion and simplicity. We always told the truth between all of us when it was necessary.\"What happened? My name came out from nowhere, without having anything with this. \"On Wednesday afternoon, Rummenigge called me, I could not answer at that moment, by politeness, I called him back. He was in his car going to the game against Olympiacos.\"We talked for four to five minutes maximum, and he told me they had assigned Flick to be the coach, he will manage the two next games, because they will play Dortmund tomorrow. \"He asked me if I would be interested because they are looking for a coach. I told him 'I haven't thought about it, I need some time to have a think about it'.\"We decided together we will talk next week because I am in Doha until Sunday night. This is the true story.\"I wish well to Bayern who are actually at a turning point, because Hoeness, key man of this club, is leaving, Rummenigge will leave in one year, it seems that the future is uncertain, and this club which always managed stuff by being very discreet and direct, is today very exposed with rumours coming from everywhere.\"For myself, I wish good luck to Bayern and for me the situation is clear.\"
Manchester City will be without goalkeeper Ederson for their key game against Liverpool on Super Sunday. The Brazil goalkeeper suffered a muscular problem in the 1-1 draw with Atalanta in the Champions League on Wednesday.Why Man City and Liverpool are Europe's bestSalah: Too early for title talkCity boss Pep Guardiola, whose side trail leaders Liverpool by six points, has confirmed Claudio Bravo will start at Anfield.Bravo, who was sent off in Italy in midweek, last started a league game for the club in May 2018.\"Ederson is not able to play on Sunday,\" said Guardiola. \"How long is he out for? I don't know.\"We have another top goalkeeper. We won the Carabao Cup and FA Cup thanks to Claudio Bravo. He is an exceptional goalkeeper and has played a lot of games for Chile.Find out more about Sky Sports Live on Sky Sports this week \"Why shouldn't I be confident in my players? I would not like to be a player if my manager doubts me.\"I see him every day in training sessions, how good a player he is. We're not going to lose because of Claudio.\"He has had a long career at the top, won the Copa America. Respect that guy, he is an incredible, top, top 'keeper.\" Manchester City have not won at Anfield since 2003 and defeat on Sunday would see them fall nine points behind the Premier League leaders.\"I know people will say if we lose [the title race] is over but there are a lot of games still to play and I want to fight until the end,\" said Guardiola.\"It will be more difficult [if City lose], of course. Liverpool lost only one game last season and are unbeaten this season. You'd think they're not going to lose many games but the season is long. A lot of situations can happen.\"AnalysisSky Sports News reporter Ben Ransom was at Guardiola's news conference on Friday afternoon. Here, he gives us his take on Pep's comments: As is often the case with Pep Guardiola pressers, he took a little bit of time to warm up and settle in to his weekly audience with the world's media.It was apparent that Guardiola was determined to heed his own advice (and Jurgen Klopp's before him) by not pouring any more \"oil on the fire\" to escalate a war of words which began when he accused Liverpool's Sadio Mane of \"diving\" following their respective come-from-behind victories at the weekend. To be fair, Guardiola had already admitted his mistake in Italy in midweek when I asked him about those comments in particular, and he had back-tracked in an attempt to clear-the-air.It had prompted Klopp to throw \"tactical fouls\" back in the direction of the City manager, another subject that was not going to trap Guardiola today as he simply reiterated the \"no comment\" responses he gave in Milan.While Pep brushed off any questions relating to mind-games, he did speak in glowing terms about the way Jurgen Klopp has built his Liverpool team into title contenders that are \"marvellous to watch\". He lit up when talking about the prospect of facing them at Anfield, almost challenging the Liverpool fans to be at their noisiest when he walks out of the tunnel with this City team into the cauldron.Guardiola's reigning champions have not won there, a fact that applies to every City player since May 2003, but make no mistake, Pep has faith in his players to stand-up to the pressure that only a game this big can bring.
Steven Gerrard says his Rangers team \"will do everything\" to watch Liverpool's top-of-the-table clash against Manchester City on Sunday. Gerrard - who spent 26 years at Liverpool - and his squad will be racing onto the team bus after Sunday's Scottish Premiership match at Livingston to catch the game.\"We've been on the back of our coach driver because there's something wrong with the Sky feed,\" said Gerrard.\"And he best have it right for Sunday because I want to catch the second half.\"We'll do everything we can to get it on that's for sure. What a game that'll be.\"Liverpool have not won a league title since 1990 and it was a trophy that evaded Gerrard during his time as a player. But they go into this weekend's game against champions City with a six-point advantage.\"That's a nice lead in terms of where Liverpool are,\" added Gerrard.\"But you can never write Manchester City off with a world class manager like Pep Guardiola and the quality they've got in the squad.\"It'd be very foolish to write them off because on their day they're capable of beating anyone.\"But at the moment you'd rather be in Liverpool's position that's for sure.\"'We've got a responsibility to improve in Europe'Gerrard believes Scottish clubs need to keep improving in Europe to atone for years of under-performing.Both Old Firm sides registered significant victories in their respective Europa League groups on Thursday night, with Celtic winning away against Lazio and Rangers defeating Porto at Ibrox. Those results have helped push Scottish football's UEFA coefficient to a five-year high and to within one spot in the rankings of having two Champions League qualifying places from 2021/22.Gerrard savoured that upturn in fortunes but warned it would need to continue.He said: \"We all have to keep working towards making it better. Because the record isn't good enough for the size of the clubs that are up here with the history of Celtic, Rangers and Aberdeen.\"We've all got a responsibility to try to improve that as over the past decade it hasn't been good enough. Clubs of that size deserve to be in Europe and the fans need it.\"It would be fantastic for the Scottish game [to get a second Champions League place] and it's exactly what it needs.\"We can only focus on what's happening here [at Rangers] and we've been working hard towards getting some respect back in Europe.\"We want people to know we won't be pushovers and that we're going to fight as hard as we can.\"
Jack Grealish has been urged to prove Gareth Southgate wrong after the Aston Villa captain was overlooked by the England manager for the forthcoming European Qualifiers. Despite being sidelined with a calf injury at present that makes him a \"50-50\" doubt for Sunday's Midlands derby with Wolves at Molineux, Grealish was expected to be named in the England squad for the games with Montenegro and Kosovo later this month.Hudson-Odoi, Ox back for England; no GrealishMings: Why I have to speak out on racismUnderstanding McGinn: The untidy all-rounderSouthgate cited the intense competition for places in the wide areas for England, with players such as Raheem Sterling, Marcus Rashford, Callum Hudson-Odoi and Jadon Sancho ahead of Grealish.\"Gareth has said he can play as a wide player or an attacking midfielder, as he has done with Aston Villa, last season and this season, so there are a number of different positions he can play,\" said Villa manager Dean Smith.\"He will react as he has done before. We all saw what happened when he missed football for three months last season, coming back with a bang, with the volley against Derby, and an assist with his first ball forward.\"Your job is about trying to prove people wrong, and he will feel he is playing at a good enough level, so he will be a little bit frustrated, but all he can do is work hard for Aston Villa and make other people take notice.\"Grealish will \"be disappointed he's not been selected for England\", said Smith, particularly as he has not put a foot wrong this season.\"Jack works hard every day, and he's at the top of his game,\" he added.\"He can't control whether he gets picked or not. Football is a game of opinions, and at the moment the opinion of the coaching staff of England is not to choose him.\"Listen, I'd love the lad to be called up because in my opinion he deserves it, but it's the opinion of other people at the moment that counts.\"His job now is to keep performing to the level he is, and to keep pushing himself.\"Smith is hoping Grealish can shake off the calf injury for Sunday's match at Wolves.\"I expected him to be training by now but unfortunately the bleed on his calf was a little bit bigger [than we thought], and he still has a lot of pain,\" Smith said on Friday.\"The masseurs and the physios are getting their fingers to work, and he has another 24 hours to be fit. He is certainly physically OK because he has been doing an awful lot of work in the swimming pool.\"He will be OK but he just needs to make sure he can get through a training session tomorrow. We are hopeful but it is 50-50 at the moment.\"Villa hierarchy making January plansSmith confirmed internal discussions over transfers are underway with director of football Suso and chief executive Christian Purslow.Villa are not interested in Rangers striker Alfredo Morelos, Sky Sports News understands, despite the player being linked with a January move.\"We've had meetings talking about the squad and how it might look and there's discussions about maybe some incomings but nothing that's solid at all yet,\" he said.

Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has played down speculation linking him with other clubs, saying he already has a \"top job\". He has impressed since returning to the Premier League from Celtic in February, and has led the Foxes to third place after 11 games this season.Rodgers: Tierney will adapt to PLAre Leicester better than when they won title?That form has made Rodgers one of the favourites with bookmakers to become the next Arsenal or Tottenham manager following both of those clubs' slow starts to the season.However, the 46-year-old is taking it all in his stride, telling Sky Sports: \"If you work well, it's a natural consequence of what happens in this game - you'll get linked to other jobs.\"People link me, at times, to top clubs - I'm already in a top job. This is a fantastic club, a great job for me and in this moment with the ownership we have, the players I have, I'm absolutely loving every minute of it. \"All the gossip and speculation, whether it's for you or against you, is part of the game.\"While Rodgers is flying high with Leicester, Arsenal head coach Unai Emery finds himself under pressure with the Gunners six points outside the top four and having won just one of their last six games.Leicester will be seeking to pile the misery onto Arsenal when they host them at the King Power Stadium on Saturday - live on Sky Sports - but Rodgers understands what his counterpart is going through. \"When you're a manager you always have empathy for another manager,\" he explained. \"You understand the pressures, you understand the climate we work in.\"But as a manager you really focus on what you can control. Unai is a proven coach, he's an experienced coach, so he'll be focusing on the performance of the team and not get involved in all the background noise that goes on.Are Leicester better than when they won the title?Is the Leicester class of 2019/20 even better than the 2015/16 title winners? We check the stats and get the pundit verdict...The Foxes go head to head with Arsenal on Saturday night in a key battle in the race for a top-four finish.Those sides were the top two in 2015/16 and Leicester have the upper hand again, sitting in third with a six-point cushion on the fifth-placed Gunners.Could top four be decided this weekend?Could the top-four race really be settled before we have even reached December?It would have seemed an unthinkable prospect at the start of the season, but the circumstances are such that it has become a distinct possibility. Since the 2001/02 campaign, when the Premier League was awarded four Champions League qualification places for the first time, there has never been more than three points separating the team in fifth place and the team in fourth after 11 games.This season, though, there is already a six-point gap between fifth-placed Arsenal and fourth-placed Chelsea, and it will be widened to nine if Chelsea beat Crystal Palace in Saturday's early kick-off and the Gunners lose to third-placed Leicester, live on Sky Sports later in the day.Rodgers: Jose a big reference for meLeicester manager Brendan Rodgers says Jose Mourinho \"made a huge impact\" on his career when he was at Chelsea as a youth coach. Rodgers was brought to Chelsea from Reading during Mourinho's first stint at the club, before making the step up into professional management.Since leaving Chelsea, Rodgers has taken charge of Reading, Swansea, Liverpool, Celtic and Leicester, winning seven trophies over 11 years.
Frank Lampard has won the October Manager of the Month award after leading Chelsea to three straight victories last month. Chelsea had a perfect record in October with wins over Southampton, Newcastle and Burnley.The Blues started the month with a 4-1 victory away to Southampton before a 1-0 home win against Newcastle and ended the month with a 4-2 win at Burnley.The winning run which has now extended to five in the league has seen the club climb to fourth place, six points clear of fifth.Lampard's next match is the visit of Crystal Palace to Stamford Bridge on Saturday.Kepa: I'm lucky to have LampardKepa Arrizabalaga has said he is \"very lucky\" to work under Lampard as he hailed the influence the club legend is having at Chelsea.The Spaniard, who joined Chelsea from Athletic Bilbao in a world record transfer for a goalkeeper in summer 2018, is confident the club record goalscorer's experience will prove invaluable for the young squad.\"He is a coach that was, and he is a legend in the club,\" Arrizabalaga said.\"He was a very important player during his football career. I am very lucky to have him as a coach.\"
Merseyside Police insist a \"comprehensive and appropriate\" operation is in place for Sunday's top-of-the-table clash between Liverpool and Manchester City at Anfield. City are reported to have contacted their opponents about the arrival of the team coach at Anfield after a social media post urged supporters to greet the teams with \"pyros and pints\".In their Champions League quarter-final in April 2018 City's coach was substantially damaged by items thrown at it on its approach to the ground, although their visit last season passed off without incident.Police have confirmed they are aware of one posting on social media but insist they have the resources to handle the occasion.\"As with any match, a comprehensive and appropriate policing operation has been put in place ahead of Sunday's game and we have liaised with both clubs and their supporter groups,\" said Superintendent Paul White.\"We are aware of one poster on social media regarding a bus welcome. The corresponding last fixture ran smoothly and we are working to ensure this game can be enjoyed safely by all as well as minimising any disruption to local residents and roads. \"As with all Premier League fixtures at Anfield, we will have officers on duty at the ground, both uniformed and plain clothed, supported by mobile CCTV, provided by Liverpool City Council, and specialist resources including the Dog Section, mounted police and the National Police Air Service.\"We will also have a city-centre policing plan in place throughout the day. This is standard procedure. We know that this will be a busy operation and we hope that fans attending the match will act as ambassadors for their clubs.\"As usual we would ask fans with tickets to arrive at the ground as early as possible. Fans without tickets should not attend at all; they will not be allowed entry into the stadium.\"Klopp: You can't overstep the lineJurgen Klopp called on Liverpool fans to ensure there is no repeat of the scenes in 2018. \"It's senseless and if someone at Man City is concerned, it's our fault - it was one of us and we're all responsible and we all have to make sure this doesn't happen again,\" Klopp said.\"We have never had a similar situation since, which is positive, and it's an important part of coming to Anfield but you can't overstep the line.\"Everyone has to feel the responsibility to make sure it doesn't happen again.\"How to watch with Sky SportsYou can watch the game live on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event, with our TV build-up kicking off at 1pm where David Jones will be joined by a host of Sky Sports pundits to preview the crunch encounter.There is a whole range of options to complement and enhance your viewing experience with Sky Sports - for both subscribers and non-subscribers.Find out more about Sky SportsFor non-subscribers, Liverpool vs Manchester City is accessible through a NOW TV pass. Grab a Month Pass for just &#163;33.99. Sky Premier League subscribers will also be able to tune in to watch the channel's coverage on Sky Go.iOS users: Download the Sky Sports app from the App StoreAndroid users: Download the Sky Sports app from the Play StoreYou can also follow our live match blog across our digital platforms, where you will be able to watch all the major incidents via our expanded mobile clips service and keep up to date with all the action, including commentary, analysis and team line-ups.Also, this season, you can watch Premier League highlights with Sky Sports just after the full-time whistle for free and without being a Sky Sports subscriber.How to watch free PL highlightsWant to catch-up? Highlights and the best of all the best from before, after and during the game will also be published On Demand.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has said Sheffield United play with a spirit &#8220;like a rugby team&#8221; and praised the job Chris Wilder is doing at the club.  United are unbeaten in their last four Premier League games ahead of facing Spurs at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Saturday, with the promoted club three points ahead in the league table.Pochettino admitted the Blades' \"humility\" has impressed him and predicted a tough examination as he targets a first home league victory since late September.Charlie's Premier League predictionsWilder: Right that Son plays against us\"What has impressed me the most is the belief and the togetherness,\" Pochettino said.\"They have the spirit like a rugby team that fight for each other. That is fantastic to see in a football team.\"Of course they have a good squad, good organisation, a great manager and great coaching staff.\"What they translate on the pitch is the togetherness. They are humble enough to fight for each other.\"They have good players but [their spirit] is the key of Sheffield United. That is why they are doing so well.\"Pochettino's managerial counterpart Wilder has received acclaim for the way his hometown club have adapted to the demands of the Premier League and the Argentinian is effusive in his praise for the 52-year-old Englishman. \"Everyone is seeing how he is working and [doing a] fantastic job,\" he said.\"I think the best prize for me is how I described before the team.\"Tottenham achieved a morale-boosting 4-0 win against Red Star Belgrade in the Champions League in midweek, during which Heung-Min Son scored twice. The South Korea forward has apologised for his involvement in Andre Gomes' serious ankle injury and Pochettino is pleased to hear the Everton midfielder is expected to make a full recover after undergoing surgery.\"The decision [to send off Son] created more confusion,\" Pochettino said. \"He felt responsible after we conceded with 10 men. But he was good [psychologically} after we watched the action. He wasn't guilty. He is in a very good mental level and it is not a problem.\"Of course he is sorry about Andre but now there is big relief because the message on social media from Andre is positive.\" Summer signing Ryan Sessegnon made his Champions League debut for Spurs in Serbia as a second-half substitute and Pochettino believes the youngster is closing in on full fitness.Despite wishing the former Fulham star had more time on the training ground during the international break, Pochettino understands why the 19-year-old has been included in England's England U21 squad.\"I prefer that the player is here training with us and [then] be available to play 90 minutes because you have two weeks to build his fitness,\" he said.\"But I accept the player loves to go with the national team and for the U21 national team Ryan is a very important player.\"
Ross Barkley is a doubt to join up with the England squad next week after being ruled out of Chelsea's match with Crystal Palace on Saturday. Barkley has been out of action since October 19 after picking up an ankle injury against Newcastle.There's better news about Mason Mount who could feature at Stamford Bridge and is set to join up with Gareth Southgate's squad on Monday.Mount came off with an ankle injury of his own in the 4-4 thriller with Ajax on Tuesday.Lampard said: \"Ross (Barkley) has got an ongoing issue so he is not in the squad. So that's a conversation I will have with Gareth (Southgate) and Steve (Holland) and with Ross.\"We'll see how it pans out over the next 10 days. He won't be in our squad.\"\"With Mason (Mount), he is in the squad [for Saturday]. We will give him another 24 hours and will make a call on that in the morning.\"Barkley was one of five Chelsea players to be called up by Southgate on Thursday, a reward for some of Chelsea's players who have won eight of their last 10 matches. Callum Hudson-Odoi, who had been returning from injury, moves up into the senior set-up after playing for the U21s in October.Lampard added: \"I'm delighted [for them]. Particularly because they are new call-ups. Pretty much new for Tammy (Abraham), Fikayo (Tomori) a new call-up this season. Callum (Hudson-Odoi) coming back in having being injured for a long time and Mason. Ross has been there.\"I am pleased their form and dedication has got them those call-ups. I know they are proud and I am proud as a manager to have them in the England squad.\"I am proud of all the players who go away with their national team but to see young lads getting their first steps into the team is great.\"
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson always expected Chelsea&#8217;s Frank Lampard would make a good manager - but hopes to make his own 300th Premier League match in charge one to remember. Hodgson, 72, worked with Lampard during his time with England, and will now go head-to-head with the former midfielder in the dugout at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.Charlie's Premier League predictionsBarkley doubtful for EnglandThe 41-year-old has impressed during his first steps into coaching, having taken Derby to the Championship play-off final last season, and he was named the Premier League's Manager of the Month for October on Friday.\"Frank Lampard has done a very good job, there is no question about that,\" Hodgson said.\"The club have done a good job in encouraging the manager and his staff to blood some of the players that had previously been out on loan. Everyone at the club deserves a pat on the back for that.\"\"I'm certain that Frank will be more than happy with how the team has started, the way the team has played and where they find themselves both in the Premier League and the Champions League. It is happy days for him I am sure.\"Hodgson added: \"I always had a lot of respect for Frank as a player and I am pretty certain he will make sure the football world has equal respect for him as a manager the longer his career goes on.\"Lampard's strong start to his new role comes as no surprise to Hodgson, along with that of former England captain Steven Gerrard at Rangers; and he feels both men have the potential to one day take on the national job.\"When [Lampard] and Steven Gerrard went into management I had no doubt that they would succeed,\" the Palace boss said at a press conference.\"For me it was a question of whether they would go to a club that would give them a chance to really show they are great management material and are more than capable of doing the job.\" On the prospects of a future role with the Three Lions, Hodgson said: \"They have both been great servants for England, earning 100 caps - and that is not a bad thing to have on your CV if you want to be an England manager.\"Hodgson takes great pride from his own personal Premier League landmark of 300 matches, having also been in charge at Blackburn, Fulham, Liverpool and West Brom before taking over the England job in 2012.\"It is a very nice milestone, I think. It is not easy to get to that as a footballer or a coach, so of course I am proud of that - and I am also hoping to push that number forward in the future,\" Hodgson said.\"There are so many games I could single out, but I am pretty certain that if I did when I went away and thought about it I will come up with another one which is even better.\"
Chris Wood has signed a new deal at Burnley which will keep him at Turf Moor until June 2023. The 27-year-old New Zealander follows fellow striker Ashley Barnes in signing a contract extension with the Clarets this week.Wood, who joined Burnley from Leeds in 2017, could return from injury to face West Ham on Saturday as Sean Dyche's side look to bounce back from three straight Premier League defeats, following a 3-0 hammering to Sheffield United last time out.Burnley vs West Ham previewCharlie predicts Burnley victory\"It's always nice to be recognised and it's fantastic that it's over the line and sealed,\" Wood, who has missed the last two top-flight fixtures with a hamstring problem, told Burnley's official website.\"It's nice to have the two years under my belt and to be settled and happy where I am and now it's about pushing forward and doing even better.\"It feels exactly like home. It's a nice base and it's a nice settled place for me.\"I haven't really settled down previously at clubs. I think two-and-a-half is the maximum I've been at a club so hopefully to be here for four, five, six, seven years would be lovely.\"I am very happy to have it signed and looking forward to the future.\"
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp spoke with Geoff Shreeves on Thursday ahead of this weekend's mouthwatering Super Sunday clash with Manchester City. In a wide-ranging interview with Sky Sports, Klopp looks ahead to what he expects from the game at Anfield, provides his latest take on the debate surrounding Sadio Mane and reflects on the club's participation in the Club World Cup.We live streamed the interview on the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel and you can catch up on what was said below.Klopp on significance of Sunday's game\"We are at matchday 12 so obviously there are some games to come. We know about the City situation last year where we only lost one game and that was decisive in the end.\"That's maybe how people see it, but you have to play all the games. There is so much to come, and the most intense period of the year in November, December and January is still coming so we have to be ready for all these games. \"At the moment we are focused on preparing for this game, but we don't think too much about what influence it might have on the rest of the season.\"This season is different to last season, and we don't know how it will go. We pushed each other on a really high level.\"The previous season, there was the real pressure of the 100-point season and I could not have more respect for them that they had 98 points the year after - but for sure we were a reason for that as we pushed them really hard.\"Is this a 'must not lose' game?\"Maybe there are people who are smarter than I am and see it like this, but I don't. For me, it's 100 per cent a 'want to win game' - with all I have. I've never understood 'must-win' games because that doesn't change the chances.Ederson could miss Anfield tripOx scores again as Liverpool edge GenkKlopp: Logistics of schedule undecided\"For us, as a team to prepare a game like this, you have to do the right thing again and again: being brave, playing football, defending for your lives.\"All the stuff around the game doesn't really affect us. We want to win, and we'll try everything to make that happen - which is difficult enough. The season will not stop after this, but it's a big one, we know that.\"The whole world will be watching it, 100 per cent. Everyone I know will. I'm really looking forward to it, but the discussions around, I'm not part of.\" What type of game does Klopp expect?\"In the last couple of years, we both gave a lot of respect for each other. City's performance at Liverpool last season was probably the biggest show of respect one of my teams ever got. That's how it is.\"They played differently to what they usually do - that's true. But, that's football. We all have to make a plan for one game, and in this specific case against one of the best sides in the world. \"We play at home, and last season we played a game at theirs where we lost by 11 millimetres otherwise the ball was in [John Stones' clearance on the goal line] and it was another draw.\"I think that would have been deserved, so there are tight games and that's how it is when high-quality teams face each other, so I expect another tight game.\"Klopp on Pep's Mane climbdown \"I'm in exactly the same situation as him. We constantly get asked questions, and sometimes we say in that second what is on our mind, without thinking of anything else - that we're in public, that there's a camera.\"He explained it well, saying when he speaks to his kids, it's like this. It could be a penalty or not, and that's a discussion they had at home. I'm completely fine with it, and I couldn't have more respect for Pep Guardiola.\"I know him for so long, and for me it's still a big thing to be his contender. For me, he's the best manager in the world, and we have the chance to win against his team which is very difficult but possible which is enough for me. From my side, there is nothing but respect. \"Of course, you can't leave it completely without a comment, but I'm not interested. There's enough to write about before the game. It's not necessary for us to make it bigger by the things we say.\"If I could do it again I wouldn't have said it [the tactical fouls response]. It's just not necessary, and I know there's a lot of respect there and the rest will be decided on the pitch.Would Ederson's absence change City's approach?\"If he did not play, it would change. Ederson is an important part of their game, 100 per cent. Claudio Bravo can do similar things, but I expect Ederson to play 100 per cent. He's an ever-present player. Klopp on Sean Cox's return to Anfield\"When that happened to Sean (Cox) it was probably the lowest part of my time here. Something like this should not happen in general in life, let alone around a football game.\"I hope that the love Sean and his family have for this club has given them all strength and power during his recovery time.\"We all know it's not finished yet but if we can give him the opportunity to come back to watch a really big game then that, coming from such a low point, is one of my highlights since I've been here.\"I'm really looking forward to it and I hope that I can organise to see him even for a second before the game because I really want to and I really hope we can help with his continued recovery.\" Klopp on the Club World Cup\"I'm not sure we prioritise it - it was just about which came first. We had to plan and we had to have a team for the Club World Cup much longer.The boys wanted to play in it, so hopefully it's not a once in a lifetime chance but it doesn't happen too often as you have to win the Champions League.\"Then after that, we had to play the Carabao Cup, but we knew we would be part of the Club World Cup in Qatar since May. \"We have two games and we cannot do it in a different way. It's only in England that it's not that important. For the rest of the world, they look at this competition.\"We are Liverpool, we are a worldwide brand, so we have to do what we want and what our supporters want. With the Carabao Cup, we didn't know if we'd go through because Arsenal was a tough draw.\"We played it already with a much-changed and very young team, they did brilliantly, and now we see it as an opportunity for them to play the next round - that's how it is.\"We cannot have a 40-player squad, and it's always clear that we have to make decisions in advance. Maybe people will criticise our decisions, I don't know, but I don't care to be honest. \"We are responsible for this club and we try to make the best of all the situations, but we cannot split ourselves and be here and be there at the same time.\"What I like is that everyone starts to now think about it. It's not perfect, obviously. When you go through in all the competitions, this is what happens. It never worked, but nobody changed it anyway.\"I didn't think for one second about that. I don't have to because we are in early November and it is not until mid-December. We've got a lot of games, but we will find a proper solution for everybody.\"If I am there or not, I don't think it will mean more or less people will watch the game.\"How to watch with Sky Sports You can watch the game live on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event, with our TV build-up kicking-off at 1pm where David Jones will be joined by a host of Sky Sports pundits to preview the crunch encounter.There is a whole range of options to complement and enhance your viewing experience with Sky Sports - for both subscribers and non-subscribers.Find out more about Sky SportsFor non-subscribers, Liverpool vs Manchester City is accessible through a NOW TV pass. Grab a Month Pass for just &#163;33.99. Sky Premier League subscribers will also be able to tune in to watch the channel's coverage on Sky Go.iOS users: Download the Sky Sports app from the App StoreAndroid users: Download the Sky Sports app from the Play StoreYou can also follow our live match blog across our digital platforms, where you will be able to watch all the major incidents via our expanded mobile clips service and keep up to date with all the action, including commentary, analysis and team line-ups.Also, this season, you can watch Premier League highlights with Sky Sports just after the full-time whistle for free and without being a Sky Sports subscriber.How to watch free PL highlightsWant to catch-up? Highlights and the best of all the best from before, after and during the game will also be published On Demand.
<strong>Premier League managers have held talks with referees' chiefs before a club meeting next Thursday. Here, <em>Sky Sports News</em>' chief reporter Bryan Swanson summarises the thoughts of some club officials ahead of the key discussion. </strong> What's the general mood?The biggest frustration appears to be a perceived lack of consistent decision-making.Clubs want VAR to work. They all unanimously agreed to its introduction, but some officials privately accept its implementation has not been as consistent as they expected.VAR never promised to deliver 100% accuracy, but there is a sense that the brand reputation of the Premier League is also in danger of taking a hit.\"The bar has been set way too high,\" warns one club official, in reference to the 'high bar' set in place before referee intervention.Clubs would rather everyone talked about the football, and not the officials.Do clubs want referees to use pitchside monitors?Some clubs are expected to push for referees to review the pitchside monitors before they overturn decisions. It is still too early to say whether the majority want a change to the current policy of using monitors 'sparingly'.Monitors have not been used in 110 Premier League games so far this season, against the broader recommendations of FIFA, but referees have never been banned from using them.\"The referee always has the ability to go and look at the monitor if that's what they choose to do,\" Mike Riley, PGMOL managing director, told Sky Sports News after a club meeting in September. \"We have to balance not impacting on the speed and flow of the game.\"Clubs agreed with Riley before the start of the season, and did not want further delays during the game, but several clubs are expected to call on Riley to reconsider this approach.\"At present, referees aren't making the decisions and no-one knows who is,\" says one club insider.\"Monitors simply have to be used more, and immediately,\" says another club source. \"We will push for that at next week's meeting.\"What about offside and handball decisions?These are other significant talking points.\"At present, Mike Riley is defending the indefensible,\" says one club source. \"Enough is enough, especially where offside is concerned. \"When you have two moving parts, potentially both moving at around 20 mph, we don't have the technology to be completely accurate to judge when someone is offside.\"For me, there has to be clear daylight between the defender and attacker to give offside. At the very least, officials need some latitude to decide that a clear and obvious error has not been made. Right now, it's ludicrous. It's not in the interests of football at heart and it's not why it was brought in.\"Another club official says: \"In terms of offside, the attacker was always given the benefit of the doubt. There always used to have to be clear daylight for the attacker to be offside. Now it's down to a millimetre or the thickness of a player's shirt. The interpretation of the offside rule has to change.\"But another official disagrees and says: \"Offside is offside, you can't be half-pregnant. Fractions are going to be important, so VAR is useful here.\"Any change to the offside law would need to be made by football lawmakers, the International Football Association Board (IFAB). On handball decisions, one club official says: \"Dele Alli at the weekend (Everton 1-1 Tottenham) was a clear handball. Why wasn't that given as a penalty?\"Things can't go on as they are. Why on earth did it take four minutes to decide whether it was handball? It's either handball or it's not. A quick visit to the monitors would have sorted it in a fraction of the time.\"Are fans suffering inside stadiums?This is another issue expected to be raised by clubs.\"The 'VAR in Progress' image comes up on the screens way too late,\" complains one club official. \"Hawk-Eye need to relay that information to fans much quicker.\" Speaking to Sky Sports News last month, one club chief executive said: \"Like anyone in football, we are supporters at heart. We are receiving complaints and we must protect the lifeblood of our game. Goals are such an important commodity and communication with the fans is vital.\"No doubt our officials are still learning. At the last shareholders meeting, we agreed to give it 10 to 12 more games. But what's clear is the fans within our stadiums have to be protected.\"They added: \"For me, we have to show video clips of VAR incidents. However, I don't think we should be able to hear open mic conversations between the officials. If the fan feels it's better to be at home (to understand VAR), that's not going to be good for the game.\"Will we ever hear from officials?Premier League referees may have their conversations relayed to supporters in the future.But Mike Riley told Sky Sports News in August that any request to the game's lawmakers is unlikely to be made before 2026.He said: \"In time, in making sure that everyone understands decisions, you can see a rationale for it. But we're not there yet.\"
Former Fantasy Football champion Dan Cox brings us his latest diary, documenting the highs and lows of his Fantasy Football season... I started Gameweek 13 in 1193rd place after three underwhelming weeks. I was hoping for a change of fortune and to re-enter the top 1000.Create your Sky Sports Fantasy Football team here!Saturday - Aston Villa vs Liverpool brought in the pointsSaturday did not get off to the best of starts - Aaron Wan-Bissaka achieved tier one tackle bonus points but again there was no clean sheet for Manchester United, as they fell to a 1-0 defeat at Bournemouth.At 2pm there was disappointing news from the Emirates. Nicolas Pepe was on the bench and my patience with the Ivory Coast forward reached boiling point.Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored against Wolves to end a run of three league games without a goal. I did toy with the idea of transferring out the Arsenal forward but I will now keep hold of him for a few more weeks at least. He provides a decent captaincy option on a few days, but Pepe had played his last game for me. At the Etihad, Southampton scored early on to wipe out Ederson's clean sheet. I was not expecting the Saints to pose Manchester City any threat after their 9-0 defeat to Leicester, so it was disappointing to see them score after 13 minutes.There were no returns from my captain Raheem Sterling, with his yellow card leaving him on one point. I was hoping he would have hit double figures - Kevin de Bruyne could only manage tier one passing bonus points too. I should look on the bright side because I was fearing the worst when I saw that Sergio Aguero was starting. I should be thankful the Argentine only managed one goal.All the latest Fantasy Football newsAll the latest Super 6 newsI certainly captained the wrong player and should have opted for Sadio Mane. With a goal, an assist, man-of-the-match award and tier two shot bonus, it was an eventful afternoon for the Senegalese international. He even earned a yellow card and managed to finish with 15 points. In the same game, John McGinn also picked up seven points from an assist and tier one tackle bonus points. Onto the evening kick-off of Watford vs Chelsea - Fikayo Tomori was in action for my side. He easily attained tier two tackles and was robbed of a clean sheet in my opinion by an incorrect VAR decision to give Watford a penalty, which Gerard Deulofeu scored.Sunday - Effective transfers pay dividendsSunday was my day of action. I do not usually make a number of moves on one day but I felt there was a good opportunity and saw a couple of players as issues in my team. Pepe made way for one of favourite players - James Maddison. I should have opted for him earlier as he is at the heart of everything for Leicester.Frederic Guilbert has done well for his price, but by downgrading Pepe it has allowed me to upgrade. I did just that and brought in Ben Chilwell, another great player with great returns so far. He is the fourth highest point-scoring defender and has scored more points than Virgil van Dijk, Trent Alexander-Arnold and is only four points behind Andrew Robertson. I also took out Mane for Jamie Vardy. This seems like a chaotic decision to remove Mane in his current form - he is the second highest forward with 89 points. I do have a plan.Fortunately for me, Jamie Vardy scored to repay the faith, although I did take the armband off Caglar Soyuncu who not only scored, but kept a clean sheet and took home the man-of-the-match award. He was one pass and one tackle off earning both passing and tackle bonus points too - it would have been a monstrous day for him. He scored 16 points and for those who selected him as captain, 32 was just rewards. Being in 79.8 per cent of the top 1000, if you don't own him I would seriously consider bringing him in.I ended the week on 94 points, seeing a rise from 1193rd to 831st with 911 points, albeit at the cost of three transfers. I have put my faith firmly in Brendan Rodgers and Leicester with no less than four Leicester players in my side, so I will be cheering them on now. Gameweek 13 TeamXI: Ederson, Wan-Bissaka, Tomori, Soyuncu, Guilbert; De Bruyne, McGinn, Pepe; Mane, Aubameyang, SterlingOverall position: 831stGameweek 12 points: 94Overall points: 911Gameweek 14 TeamXI: Ederson, Wan-Bissaka, Tomori, Soyuncu, Chilwell; De Bruyne, McGinn, Maddison; Vardy, Aubameyang, SterlingCaptaincy plan Saturday: Jamie VardyVardy is leading the race for the Premier League Golden Boot with 10 goals already for the season. He has propelled himself up to third in the charts and has 87 Fantasy Football points. Vardy comes up against a shaky and vulnerable Arsenal defence on Saturday Night Football, where he could easily extend his points tally.Sunday: Raheem Sterling I'm backing Sterling in the main event this weekend. Real Madrid are showing interest, such is the standard of performances from the England international. With 67 Fantasy Football points this term, Sterling could be the man to fire Manchester City to victory on Renault Super Sunday, bringing in the points in the process.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer says Mason Greenwood&#8217;s finishing reminds him of former Manchester United forward Robin van Persie.  Academy product Greenwood scored his third senior goal in Thursday's 3-0 Europa League win against Partizan Belgrade, which sealed their passage into the knockout stages.Solskjaer believes Greenwood \"is on the up again\" after coming through some disappointments in his burgeoning career at Old Trafford as he praised the forward's composure in front of goal.Man Utd cruise past Partizan to qualifySolskjaer salutes attacking trioEuropa League hits and missesWhen suggested that Greenwood's ability in front of goal was similar to Van Persie, Solskjaer replied: \"Definitely.\"He is very composed with his finishing. It is natural for him.\"Right foot, left foot I still don't think he knows which is his best one which is very difficult for defenders to defend against.\"But the good thing is he can do it at Old Trafford in front of a full crowd. He doesn't get fazed by the occasion so he is still composed. \"[Whether] that is a game with his mates in the park or a cup final he will finish the same. Or in the Premier League hopefully!Greenwood, who signed a new four-year contract at Old Trafford last month, has scored three goals in his last four starts for United and Solskjaer is convinced the 18-year-old is destined for a \"very good career\". Solskjaer says Greenwood is still learning the demands of the men's senior game but the Norwegian is resolute in his determination to trust in youth, with a number of fellow club graduates making their introduction into the first-team set-up.\"You always get assessed on results now but the DNA of this club and my philosophy is to give young players with the right attitude a chance,\" said Solskjaer, whose side host Brighton on Sunday. \"If that takes a couple of years for [Greenwood] to really come through it is worth it for us. I am managing for Manchester United, not for myself. I am managing the best way I think we can get the best out of Mason.\"Solskjaer admits the Premier League trophy is \"out of reach\" after losing four of their opening 11 league games this season but believes his squad will discover consistency as they target a return to Champions League qualification. \"Sometimes you do get that with a young team that we have,\" Solskjaer said about the club's struggles to string a run of results together.\"We have suffered from injuries which has made it even younger. We are still not consistent enough from game to game or within the games but that will come.\"It keeps improving and I think when we get through this we will have learned a lot.\"
Steve Bruce believes his Newcastle side are on the right track as they aim to claim back-to-back wins with victory at home to Bournemouth. The Magpies recorded an impressive 3-2 win at West Ham last weekend to open up a four-point cushion over the relegation zone with 12 points from 11 games.That total is already double the amount the side achieved at the same stage last season, with seven points coming from the last four after a humbling 5-0 defeat away to Leicester at the end of September.\"The last few weeks have proved they have knuckled down and improved,\" Bruce said.\"We've only showed signs and the one thing we've got to do now is keep it going.\"Back to back wins in the Premier League is huge so if we can we go and do it in front of our own supporters after away at West Ham would be nice.\"Everybody wants to go and applaud the away supporters because we can't take them for granted and West Ham was a good day but now we move on.\"I think supporters can see the direction we are trying to go into and pleasantly pleased with what they have seen, particularly last week. 'Decent December platform crucial'Bruce refused to take any plaudits for his role in Newcastle's upturn in fortunes but was at pains to reinforce the importance of getting a result against Bournemouth going to the international break.\"The most important thing for me is if we can go into the international break with 15 points then it would be a decent return,\" Bruce added.\"We'd all be delighted with that considering I didn't come in until the end of the summer and it's new players, new system, new team.\"It all takes time but we're edging towards it and it's important to back West Ham up before the big December pile-up. That would be a great return and decent platform.\"Newcastle go into Saturday's game against Bournemouth at St James' Park still without Matt Ritchie and Fabian Schar while the game has also come too early for Florian Lejeune despite the player returning to training.
Eddie Howe has praised the \"steeliness\" Bournemouth have demonstrated in recent weeks but urged his side must \"push on\" from their win against Manchester United last weekend. Bournemouth ended United's three-game winning run with a 1-0 victory in the Premier League at the Vitality Stadium to record their first win since September and sit seventh in the table.The Cherries have kept clean sheets in their last three matches and Howe, whose side can set a club record fourth in the Premier League at Newcastle on Saturday, is determined to maintain the momentum going into the final international break of the year.\"Last week was great and we were really pleased with the performance and a lot of aspects of our play,\" Howe said.\"But the most important thing for us now is to try and push on from that performance and try to hit or get close to that level every week.\"I will just be saying to our team out of possession to continue their good work.\"To have the same mentality we have shown in recent weeks because I have been really pleased with that side of our game.\"We have had a steeliness in the last few games that has made a big difference and we want that to be part of our DNA.\"Steve Cook, who was made stand-in captain following a serious knee injury sustained by Simon Francis late last year, missed out on joining Callum Wilson in Gareth Southgate's England squad this week but Howe is confident the defender can earn a call-up in time. \"He is performing really well for the team and has really played his part in that defensive steel,\" Howe said.\"I see him every day so I know the quality of his performances. I know how good he can be.\"As I said after the Manchester United game, Gareth (Southgate) will be watching and he will be watching closely every Premier League game and every English player performing well in the Premier League.\"Steve can have no worries on that side. He has just got to produce the performances to get picked.\"Bournemouth could end the weekend in fifth place with a win at St James' Park, where they have won on two of their last three visits, but Howe is expecting a tough assignment. Steve Bruce's side boast the equal-best home defensive record in the league alongside Leicester and Howe - the longest-serving Premier League boss - is wary of the danger the Magpies possess.\"They have got a lot of pace in their front line,\" he said.\"Some outstanding individual players so we are going to have to deal with that, while taking the confidence of the United win on our side and try to make sure that shows in our game as well.\"
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer saluted Mason Greenwood, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford after their \"high-class\" finishes sealed Manchester United's passage into the Europa League knockout stages. Greenwood opened the scoring against Partizan Belgrade midway through the first half before a stunning solo effort from Martial saw United score two first-half goals at Old Trafford for the first time this season.United cruise past Partizan to qualifyHow the teams lined upRashford completed the victory with a rasping left-footed drive early in the second half as United qualified from Group L with two games to spare.\"I'm very pleased with all of those finishes, all three goals were high class,\" Solskjaer said.\"Of course, we should have had a few more, but the first one settled us down. Mason showed great composure; with the goalkeeper going down, he changed his mind and I was very happy with that.\"Anthony's was probably the skill of the night, and then I was very pleased Marcus scored with his left foot. He'll need more goals on his left because he is in that position often and he can go both ways.\"Marcus got in some great positions, made some great runs onto some great passes, the goalkeeper made some saves and the other times he didn't hit the target, but the goal he scored will give him loads of confidence. \"This is a little bit of a template of how we want to play. Of course, it's the opposition that allow you to play that way as well. No disrespect to Partizan, but they gave us spaces.\"It was pleasing for me that we went forward and needed the second and third, because there have been too many occasions where we've gone 1-0 up and not got the second or third.\"These boys are learning, tonight will give them loads of pointers on how to play when we are performing well, and even though the opposition was not the same as in the Premier League, there were still good principles.\"Europa League tablesEuropa League fixtures | resultsSolskjaer: Why qualification was keyWith United's passage already secure, Solskjaer welcomed the opportunity to rest players ahead of their gruelling trip to Astana in Kazakhstan on Matchday 5 in the Europa League.\"We want to get through as quick as we can, and that long trip to Kazakhstan is not one you want to travel to having to win,\" the United boss added.\"It might be possible to rest a few players for that trip now ahead of a tough week after that game, with games against Aston Villa, Spurs and Manchester City. So the win was important.\"Solskjaer sweating on McTominay The only negative from an encouraging European night for United was the loss of Scott McTominay to an ankle injury in the closing stages.Solskjaer is hopeful the Scotland international will recover in time for Sunday's Premier League clash with Brighton.\"It didn't look too good,\" Solskjaer said. \"He went over on the inside of his ankle. He said he was going to be OK out on the pitch because he is tough but then he had to come off. I hope he will recover for Sunday, but I am not sure.\"
Tottenham's Eric Dier has spoken of his frustration at how his career has stagnated because of a bout of appendicitis last year. Dier was required to have emergency surgery to remove his appendix last December and - although he was only out for six weeks - his recovery was blighted by illness.The England international has not been a regular in Mauricio Pochettino's side since and suffered more annoyance when he was required to undergo minor surgery on an injury during pre-season.Who are the real Tottenham?Lloris undergoes surgeryHe made only this third start of the campaign in Wednesday's 4-0 Champions League win over Red Star Belgrade and is looking forward to getting back to his best.He said: \"It was quite serious. At the time, there were a few players at the club with a stomach ache so we just presumed that it was that - which is no fault of the medical staff, at all. They treated me fantastically.\"I was at home and I had to be rushed to hospital and thankfully I had the procedure straight away.\"I was very fortunate like that and it was just very difficult afterwards. I kept on getting ill afterwards.\"My immune system just really struggled with the medicine after the appendix and I kept on getting ill.\"People said I was injured but I was never injured, I just kept on falling ill because of it afterwards which was very frustrating.\"It wasn't easy. It wasn't a normal thing for anyone. It was a very strange experience but something that hopefully I will be better for.\"It's gone. I don't really think about it too much any more. I'm just looking forward.\" Dier played well in a central defensive role in Belgrade, helping Spurs to keep a rare clean sheet.The 4-0 win puts them on the brink of qualification to the knockout rounds and they inflicted Red Star's heaviest home defeat in European football exactly one year to the day that Liverpool were beaten in the same stadium.\"We approached the game in the right way, we know it's a tough place to come and play, the manager made that very clear,\" said Dier.\"He gave us examples of how big teams have struggled in previous Champions League campaigns, here. So our mentality going into the game is what made it what it was.\"They beat Liverpool. PSG came here and didn't win. They hadn't conceded more than one goal here in about 70 games or something like that.\"We knew it would be tough. We knew the atmosphere would be what it was. It was a fantastic atmosphere and really enjoyable to play in.\"
Tyrone Mings says racist abuse does not affect his game - but he is determined to use his voice to fight against discrimination and help protect his fellow players. The Aston Villa centre-back made an impressive debut for England in their 6-0 European Qualifier victory over Bulgaria last month, but the racist chants from the home fans in Sofia overshadowed the contest.Hudson-Odoi, Ox back for England; no GrealishEngland squad announcementThe match was stopped during the first half by referee Ivan Bebek and a PA announcement warned fans to end the chants or the match could be abandoned - the first stage of FIFA's three-step protocol for such incidents. Bulgaria were subsequently handed a two-match stadium ban and a &#163;64,650 fine.However, Mings says, despite the controversy, he was still able to focus on his own performance and make the most of a significant night in his career.\"I was so focused on the game and playing well and trying to enjoy the occasion that I don't think it had a positive or negative effect on my performance,\" Mings told Sky Sports in his first interview since that night.\"It didn't really bother me and the way we dealt with it as a squad, as a group, probably brought us closer together. In an ironic sort of way we came away feeling quite positive about how we dealt with it. \"The FA backed us up and we knew going into the game that if anything was going to happen we had the full support of everyone else.\"It was very hostile for my family and friends - it really wasn't nice for them. If they could have chosen one place to go and watch me in my first England game it probably wouldn't have been there. \"[Bulgaria supporters] made no secret of the fact they wanted it to be hostile, the stadium was already closed in large parts because of previous problems, so [Mings' family and friends] probably didn't get to enjoy it as much, but for me all of that was redundant. I just loved it.\"I couldn't have asked for it to go any better - we had a great result, personally I felt I played well and all the feedback afterwards was positive. Everything that happened off the pitch came secondary to me.\" Mings' ability to drown out the noise and prioritise his performance is an admirable trait. But the defender admits he is fully aware not all players are able to shrug of such severe abuse so easily.As a result, Mings says he feels it is only right he uses the platform he has as a Premier League player and England international to speak up in the battle against racism and discrimination.Euro 2020 Qualifiers: Fixtures and scores | Tables | Live on SkyFind out more about Sky SportsLive Football: What's on Sky Sports this week\"I said after the game in Bulgaria I don't know why it doesn't affect me,\" he said. \"It doesn't make me any less of a person or make the things they're saying true.\"If your intention is to have a negative impact on my performance or make me feel bad about myself then it's not going to happen. It's just a shame you have those thoughts and if you want to air them then hopefully you'll be dealt with in the right way - but it's not going to impact me.\"But at the same time, if I didn't speak about it, just because it doesn't affect me, then I'd be doing a disservice to anyone who doesn't have the voice or the platform to speak about it. \"Whilst I feel like I can rise above it and continue with my game, there are other people who would feel a lot worse if it happened to them so we all have a job to give those people a voice.\"Mings says while racism is an issue for society as a whole - \"discrimination happens in all walks of life&#8230; sport in general just seems to be a place where people air those views\" - football can lead the way and set an example of how to deal with it. \"In an ideal world - [because] we have a position and situation where we can influence other people - football would stand up and say 'not enough is being done'.\"We would act as pioneers in wanting to change how racism is dealt with and what people's perceptions is of other religions, cultures - because discrimination happens everywhere, not just racism.\"I think us as footballers and anyone who has a voice in football or sport or higher up in the FA, UEFA, has the opportunity to try to tackle this. \"If we're all pulling in the same direction and trying to work towards a solution it will ultimately end in something more positive than what we have at the moment.\"However, Mings admits there is no easy answer or solution to the problem. He backs the steps of the protocol used in Sofia - \"I think the way the officials dealt with everything on the day was really impressive\" - but argues Bulgaria's punishment was not firm enough.\"What else can be done? I don't know, is the answer,\" said Mings. \"As players we're not the ones who should be making those decisions.\"Sanctions - of course people are saying they aren't strong enough. That could be one way around it, but in terms of what the answer is I couldn't sit here and tell you we should definitely do this and it would eradicate racism.\"I think a lot of good work has been done and is continuing to be done but perhaps the sanctions could be stricter.\"If you look at historically some of the abuse players had to go through before us you can't get away from the fact that things have drastically improved and that probably comes with living in a more diverse society.\"You're not ever going to completely eradicate it, all you can do is come down a lot harder on people when you do catch them or hear it.\"On Thursday, Mings was named in the England squad for the European Qualifiers against Montenegro and Kosovo.He was also included in the Ugo Ehiogu Ones To Watch section of the Football Black List 2019, alongside the likes of Charlton Athletic Women's footballer Renee Hector and Sky Sports News reporter Jaydee Dyer.Watch Wolves vs Aston Villa live on Sky Sports Premier League from 1pm on Sunday; Kick-off is 2pm. 
Sokratis Papastathopoulos believes the Arsenal captaincy is not important, as the fall-out from Granit Xhaka being stripped of the armband continues. Gunners head coach Unai Emery opted to relieve midfielder Xhaka of his duties after he reacted angrily to supporters following his substitution in a recent draw with Crystal Palace.Tierney: We believe in EmeryCharlie's Premier League predictionsLacklustre Arsenal held by VitoriaEmery announced on Tuesday that he had taken the decision to remove the 27-year-old from the role, selecting Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as his first choice instead.\"The captaincy or who has this on the pitch, I don't think it's very important,\" defender Sokratis said.\"It's important that all the team is good in the dressing room. We are like a family. In the end who brings the pitch the captaincy is the last thing.\"Sokratis, who played alongside Aubameyang at Borussia Dortmund before the pair were reunited at the Emirates last summer, is keen for the striker to maintain his focus on finding the back of the net.Asked what Aubameyang was like as a leader, Sokratis added: \"I don't know, I think it's the first time he is a captain.\"For me it's more important that Auba first has to score, he has to do his work.\"He's a very good guy. But I already said something - who has the captaincy is not very important.\" After a disappointing Europa League draw away to Vitoria on Wednesday, Arsenal return to Premier League action at the weekend looking to improve on a record of two wins from their last nine games.They travel to in-form Leicester on Saturday, live on Sky Sports Premier League, six points behind the Foxes and two places below them.\"It's a very big game, it's a game we have to win,\" Sokratis said. \"Of course we have a lot of games in front and if we see last year we were there but in the last seven games, we didn't win one. \"The other teams were six, seven points behind us but in the end they were in front. We need to be consistent all year, not only one month.\"Leicester is in a very good moment, they're a very hungry team. You can see this. We have to be ready to beat them.\"
Daniel Farke insists Norwich will not be popping the champagne if they beat fellow strugglers Watford on Friday. The Premier League's bottom two sides meet at Carrow Road, live on Sky Sports, with the Hornets able to climb above their opponents with a first league victory of the season.Norwich are currently four points from safety and Farke says there will be no exaggerated celebrations if they manage to record a first win in seven matches.Farke told Sky Sports News: \"When you have a dry spell with several games without a win, it is normal that every player is not overly happy. It's not like we're going to be dancing on the tables or opening bottles of champagne. \"It's an important game for both teams because both want to be over the line. We are not happy with the position we are in at the moment but we were realistic before the season started, we knew it would be tough.\"There are no replacements for wins, only they can bring confidence back.\"I don't like vanity in the dressing room. We have to stick together, be one unit and be honest with each other.\"Pukki the hoover seller So much of Norwich's success last season revolved around striker Teemu Pukki, but after scoring six times in his first five top-flight matches, the Finland international has failed to find the net for his club since their 3-2 win over Manchester City on September 14.When asked how Pukki is feeling, Farke said: \"His mood hasn't changed. Teemu is so experienced and such a calm guy.\"We need to have the mentality of a hoover seller. Sometimes you have to ring many doors in order to sell one.\"This is what a striker has to have and I'm pleased with Teemu's behaviour at the moment.\"Farke 'not proud' of spending limits A freak wave of injuries highlighted a serious limit to Norwich's strength in depth in the first months of the season.The club spent just over &#163;1.1m on incoming transfers over the summer, but announced on Tuesday losses of &#163;38m for the financial year ending June 2019.\"Spending money always helps but we can't do this,\" Farke said. \"The winter market is even more complicated.\"We have to accept that we are not in this position. We are not proud of it, if I'm honest.\"We are looking forward to one day being a settled Premier League club and when we don't have to pay for the sins of the past anymore.\" There was a remarkably more positive outlook from Farke on Thursday having welcomed back seven first-team regulars to training this week.Central defenders Grant Hanley and Christoph Zimmerman are both nearing a return from long-term injuries and are expected to be in contention following the international break.Farke will also be able to call on Tom Trybull, Onel Hernandez, Todd Cantwell and Ibrahim Amadou. They have all recovered from various issues, while midfielder Mario Vrancic could make the bench after missing almost three months with a calf problem.
West Ham manager Manuel Pellegrini insisted he does not fear for his job, despite his side being without a win since September. The Hammers have slipped to 13th in the table after securing just two points from their last five Premier League matches, with their last victory a surprise 2-0 win at home over Manchester United on September 22.The fans booed their team off at half-time and full-time on Saturday, during a 3-2 defeat to Newcastle, who had not scored more than one goal in any game this season before their trip to the London Stadium.'Diangana will stay at West Brom'Rice reveals where West Ham can improveOn whether he was under pressure given the Hammers' recent results, the Chilean said: \"I feel in the 30 years that I have worked in this profession, I feel pressure every day.\"Winning or losing. Not just when you are losing. When you are winning, you also feel pressure.\"My own pressure is much more pressure than all of the media can say.\"When asked whether he was concerned for his job as West Ham manager, Pellegrini said: \"Not about my job. Not now. Never. And not in my whole career.\"The Hammers broke their transfer record in the summer with the &#163;45m acquisition of Sebastien Haller, who has scored four goals this season.The club also spent &#163;24m on Pablo Fornals who has started just four games this season, but Pellegrini believes it is too early to judge the new signings. \"At the end of the season is the time to evaluate the new players that have arrived at the club, not in a moment when you are not winning,\" said Pellegrini, who takes his players to Burnley on Saturday.\"It will be the same for the evaluation four games ago which would have been absolutely different.\"It cannot be each week you are evaluating different players. You must wait until the end of the season.\"Declan Rice said on Wednesday that the club had not given up on pushing into the top six of the Premier League, and Pellegrini said he believed his side can fight for those positions.The manager said: \"I always think that West Ham must fight for those positions and for me it is more easy to come here and say that I'm here not to be relegated, maybe it was the target of West Ham a lot of years ago but I did not come here for that.\"I came here to improve once more the club, that's my duty, that's why I am working so I think that we have the players to try to do it. It's not easy, I repeat.\"Maybe you have better teams in the league than West Ham, but with working, with confidence, with trust, with good players, I think that you can fight if you play every game in the way we know how to do it.\"

Sheffield United manager Chris Wilder says it was the right decision to overturn the red card given to Heung-Min Son against Everton. Spurs appealed the forward's dismissal for his tackle on Andre Gomes during the draw at Everton, which led to the Portugal international suffering a fracture dislocation to his right ankle.An independent regulatory commission upheld Spurs' appeal against the red card which means Son will now be free to face the Blades on Saturday.Wilder was at Goodison Park and saw the incident clearly, and was asked if he expected the Tottenham player's ban to be overturned.\"Yes, I would have done,\" he said. \"We went to watch Tottenham and we were right in front of it.\"Straight away you knew the severity of the injury. I imagine all managers and fellow players will be wishing Andre a really speedy recovery but it's just one of those unfortunate situations.\"From our point of view [Son] is obviously a quality player but he seems a right down-to-earth lad as well.\"But we'll be up not just against him but some other very high quality players on Saturday afternoon.\"Sheffield United face a trip to Tottenham on Saturday with United sixth in the Premier League table, five places above their opponents.Wilder: VAR has overtaken everything but stick with itWilder says it would be unfair to stop using VAR halfway through a season, even though it has \"overtaken everything in the game\".VAR has been involved in several controversial decisions since being introduced at the start of this season. Wilder says the use of the the video assistant referee system has not been successful and was asked if there is too much focus on interpretation from the officials.He said: \"Definitely, I think it was always going to be subjective from somebody in Stockley Park (the VAR Hub in west London) and I think that was always going to be the fear from everybody, and it has been talked about far too much in my opinion.\"Of course, referees' decisions will always be part of it but it seems to have overtaken everything in the game.\"And I should imagine most certainly Premier League bosses, refereeing organisations, managers and most importantly supporters, would have not wanted it to have gone down this road.\"But it has, and maybe we should have looked at it and thought this was always going to be the case in its first year, in its infancy.\" The Sheffield United manager said it would be unfair to stop using VAR in the middle of the season.\"They've got to bat through with it now, they have to bat through with it, if you have a stop and a rethink, does it punish teams that things have gone against?\"You hope that it all evens itself out come the middle of May, they've got to crack on with it now and just hopefully make as many right decisions as possible and it doesn't become the main talking point of the game\".Premier League managers based in the north of England are meeting with referees' boss Mike Riley on Thursday to discuss the video assistant referee system.One of the areas being discussed is whether match officials should be allowed to consult pitch-side monitors.Riley, general manager of the Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL), the body responsible for the country's leading referees, have already shared views with southern bosses last week.
West Ham manager Manuel Pellegrini says the club will not recall Grady Diangana from his loan spell at West Brom.  It is understood the Premier League side were considering recalling Diangana in January, with Pellegrini looking to increase his attacking options for the second half of the season.Rice reveals where West Ham can improveCharlie's Premier League predictionsSky Sports News understands there is a clause in the versatile attacking midfielder's loan agreement which allows him to return to the London Stadium in the new year.\"I think Grady Diangana is doing what we want him to do - the same as Josh Cullen,\" Pellegrini said.\"They are players that without any doubt will be part of the West Ham team in the future.\"He is one of the players that I trust a lot in. I think that it was better for him to go and play 40 games this year and be absolutely ready for next season.\"We must continue to supporting him and we are happy with his performance. He will finish his season where he is.\"Director of football speculation dismissedWest Ham's recent poor form has raised doubts over the future of Mario Husillos, the club's director of football and close ally of Pellegrini at the London Stadium.The Hammers boss says the position should only be evaluated at the end of the season.\"I don't talk about speculation. All the evaluation of the work must be at the end of the season,\" he said.\"I know him very well, an experienced sporting director. The club is happy with him. I knew him before he came here but I don't want to talk about that.\"At the end of the season you must evaluate all the new players who arrived at the club. Four games ago the evaluation would have been much different. You must wait until the end of the season.\"'Wilshere could return vs Burnley' Midfielder Jack Wilshere will have his fitness assessed ahead of Saturday's game against Burnley, while Lukasz Fabianski and Michail Antonio will not return until after the international break.\"Fabianski needs more time, at least one month more. Antonio after internationals will be ready. Winston Reid played for U23s and continues to prepare for a complete game.\"Jack Wilshere maybe for Saturday or not, we need to see him work tomorrow.\"
Andre Gomes may be able to play again this season following his horrific injury against Tottenham, Everton manager Marco Silva says. Gomes suffered a fractured dislocation to his right ankle against Spurs on Sunday and underwent successful surgery on Monday.Silva is not prepared to put a date on Gomes' return to action, but has not ruled out the Spaniard featuring again before the end of the season.Silva said: \"It is not easy for us to give a sure date about when he will return.\"What is in our mind and the feedback I had from our medical staff is that possibly we will see Andre playing again this season.\"After the surgery and all the exams they did, everything went really well.\"We hope we can see Andre playing again this season.\"We are not 100 per cent sure but we have good possibilities to do that.\"Last Tuesday, before he went home, he was here with us at Finch Farm (Everton's training ground).\"It was good for our group to spend some minutes with him and for him to feel that support as well.\"Heung-Min Son's tackle inadvertently led to the Gomes injury - and the Tottenham man has revealed that he had messaged Gomes to express his sorrow. Silva, who takes his side to Southampton on Saturday, said: \"I think [Gomes] received a text message from Son.\"Of course the toughest moment was for Andre, but for the two players who were involved, first Son and after [Serge] Aurier, it was tough as well.\"But now it is most important for us to give all the support Andre needs in this moment.\"Son was sent off for his tackle because it was deemed serious foul play, but Tottenham appealed the decision and it was overturned by an Independent Regulatory Commission.Asked if he agreed - with the decision to appeal and the verdict - Silva said: \"I am not the right person, I am here to respect all the decisions.\"I don't really want to comment on that.\"It was a strong tackle.\"I was the first one after the match to say, Son does not want to do any bad intention.\"After, it is for the referee to decide.\"
Liverpool forward Sadio Mane will not change his style of play despite Pep&#160;Guardiola's \"diving\" accusation. The Manchester City boss first made the claim last weekend, when the Senegal international was booked after going down in the penalty area following a challenge by Aston Villa's Frederic Guilbert.Reds manager Jurgen Klopp jumped to his defence and Guardiola subsequently rowed back on the comments, saying they were part of a longer speech in which he praised the forward and it was \"far away from my intention to say Sadio is this type of player because I admire him a lot\".Ederson could miss Anfield tripOx scores again as Liverpool edge GenkKlopp: Logistics of schedule undecidedFind out more about Sky SportsMane, unaware of the subsequent climbdown at the time having played in the 2-1 Champions League victory over Genk, was unmoved by Guardiola's initial criticism as he believes if there is contact he has a right to go down.And he offered a sarcastic response to the City boss ahead of the two sides meeting at Anfield, live on Sky Sports this Sunday, saying: \"If it could be a penalty for sure I will 'dive' again.\"If the 'dive' will give me a penalty then I will do it! Why not? But what Jurgen said is correct. I do not dive.\"There was contact [at Villa] for sure. Maybe it was not a penalty and he didn't give it, and he gave me a yellow card. To be honest I don't have any problem about it.\"It's what I want to keep doing. If I get a penalty, yeah it's a penalty. If no penalty, no penalty, but [it] will never change the way I'm playing or the way I'm doing my things. \"The only thing I can say I will be for sure ready for the team, to give everything possible, and to help my team.\"I think it's a bit clever from him to get the attention of the referee but I will just play my football like I'm always doing. I don't pay attention to what he's saying because it's part of football.\"No it doesn't make anything [motivation-wise] for me. Even though I saw him commenting about it, what he said, for me, I think it's positive.\" At the time Guardiola's criticism was seen as the start of mind games leading up to Sunday's Anfield encounter.The defending Premier League champions trail Klopp's side by six points and defeat at the weekend would put them under even more scrutiny.It is undoubtedly the game of the season so far and City are the only team to beat Liverpool in their last 50 league matches. \"Interesting game. It's a big game. Everybody knows and everybody's excited. I think this is the kind of game which is always exciting and we're looking forward to it,\" added Mane.\"I can say one of the biggest tests, for sure, but if you ask me I would say not only City because against Aston Villa you can see how the game was and Leicester also was really tough.\"So I think we played already a few big games in this season and for sure City as well will be a big game.\"It will be really, really important for us to get a positive result and we will be ready, spot-on from the first second until the last. We will give everything possible to win.\"How to watch Liverpool vs Man CityWatch Liverpool vs Man City live on Super Sunday from 4pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 4.30pm.Live football on Sky - what's on this week?All Premier League fixturesNon-subscribers can watch the game through NOW TV - get a Sky Sports Day Pass for a one-off payment of &#163;9.99.Sky Sports customers can watch in-game clips in the live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle.
Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers has no doubt Kieran Tierney will find his feet and make an impact at Arsenal. On Saturday at the King Power Stadium, Rodgers and Tierney will be on opposing sides for the first time since the ex-Celtic manager departed for Leicester last February, with the left-back now at Arsenal following a &#163;25m move from Celtic Park in August.Are Leicester better than when they won the Premier League?Rodgers: Jose a big reference for me\"As a player, in the first week working with him, I could see after two or three days why there was a lot of clamour for him,\" said Rodgers.\"From that moment he was absolutely brilliant for me. He became stronger, more powerful, very aggressive in his game.\"He worked hard every single day but he was also a strong boy mentally, and he had a lot of good mentors. Scott Brown was an incredible captain for me, and he [Tierney] took on that mantle to try and be like him.\"Every day in training he was very focused on becoming better, and obviously he loved Celtic as a club. He supported the club, and that gave him that extra one per cent every time he played.\"So as a player he was fantastic, and he captained the team for me on a few occasions as well, but also a great boy, very humble, just wanting to be the very best he can be.\" Arsenal's move for Tierney was three years in the making as they approached Celtic for the now 22-year-old in Rodgers' first week in charge of the club in May 2016.\"Peter [Lawwell, chief executive] had said to me - and he was very honest about it - there was a possibility of Kieran going to Arsenal, but there was no rush for Celtic to sell him, and there was a big offer at the time,\" added Rodgers.\"So I spoke to Kieran, told him I wanted him to stay, to be a big part of what we were doing, and between him and the club, a new deal was agreed, and he stayed until he went in the summer.\"He's gone into Arsenal, a really competitive team and a huge club, and it takes that little bit of time to settle.\"He's gone from one big city to another, leaving behind his family and friends in Glasgow, so it's been a period of adaptation for him.\"I've got no doubt he will do very, very well in his time.\" Rodgers, meanwhile, has hailed James Maddison as \"a big talent\", with the midfielder again called into the England squad for the Euro 2020 qualifiers against Montenegro and Kosovo.It is the fourth time Maddison has been called up, although on the last occasion he blotted his copybook as he was spotted in a casino shortly after withdrawing, citing illness.Rodgers said: \"He is a fantastic player and a wonderful talent who is improving and getting better all the time.\"He is working very hard, for Leicester first and foremost, and then ultimately to take a place in the England squad.\"He will do his very best for Leicester, and then when he does well, he reports (for England) and he can do no more.\"How to watch Leicester vs ArsenalWatch Leicester vs Arsenal live on Saturday Night Football from 5pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 5.30pm.Live football on Sky - what's on this week?All Premier League fixturesNon-subscribers can watch the game through NOW TV - get a Sky Sports Day Pass for a one-off payment of &#163;9.99.Sky Sports customers can watch in-game clips in the live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle.
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will wait until next summer to replace head coach Ernesto Valverde. Current Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman is favourite to take charge at the Nou Camp. (Marca) Brazilian legend Ronaldo has revealed he looked into buying an English club before he invested in La Liga side Real Valladolid. \"I had looked in England, in the second division. The first one (the Premier League) was too expensive, and the second one was too.\" (AS) Barcelona are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to clinch the signing of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz next summer but will face competition from Real Madrid and several Premier League sides. (Sport) Achraf Hakimi would like to return to Real Madrid when his two-year loan deal with Borussia Dortmund ends this summer. He said: \"Madrid is my home, I grew up there. I am in Borussia until the end of the season and then we'll see.\" (Cadena Ser)ItalyAC Milan will attempt to sell midfielder Franck Kessie in January. Wolverhampton Wanderers were linked with the 22-year-old in the summer and remain interested in the Ivory Coast international who is valued at &#163;21.5m. (Sport Mediaset) The Rossoneri would look to sign Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic to replace Kessie and will also target Udinese's Rodrigo de Paul when the transfer window reopens. (Sport Mediaset)  Inter Milan will look to improve their squad in January after Antonio Conte claimed he lacked the players capable of competing in Serie A and the Champions League. Inter will move for d=De Paul and will also target Genoa forward Christian Kouame. (Corriere dello Sport) GermanyBayern Munich have held talks with Arsene Wenger and would like to appoint the former Arsenal boss after this weekend's Bundesliga clash against Borussia Dortmund. (Bild)  Wenger, who would be appointed until the end of the season, would not look to bring his own coaching team to Bayern and would instead work with the staff currently overseeing the first-team at the Allianz Arena. (Bild)TurkeyChelsea winger Pedro is wanted by Fenerbahce. The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the season and he can speak to clubs outside of England about a summer move in January. (Takvim) Norwich are interested in Besiktas defender Domagoj Vida and could make an offer of around &#163;8.5m for the 30-year-old Croatia centre-back who was a Wolves target in the summer. (Sabah)FranceParis Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo is frustrated with Real Madrid's public pursuit of Kylian Mbappe. \"It annoys me a little,\" he said. \"He's a player who is under contract with us for another two-and-a-half years. Honestly, it's time to stop.\" (RMC Sport) 
Kevin De Bruyne says he does not care about Manchester City's poor record at Anfield, before his team face leaders Liverpool on Sunday. Reigning champions City trail table-topping Liverpool by six points heading into this weekend's eagerly-anticipated clash on Merseyside, live on Sky Sports Premier League.City have won just one match at Liverpool since Boxing Day 1981, and that was back in 2003.Ederson could miss Anfield tripKlopp: Logistics of schedule undecided\"I don't care,\" De Bruyne said. \"A lot of circumstances will decide the game. What can a player do with statistics like this?\"It's a game like another. We know it's a big game - Liverpool are ahead. We have to go back, recover [from the away trip to Italy to play Atalanta] and be ready for next Sunday.\" It promises to be an electric atmosphere at Anfield on Sunday afternoon, and De Bruyne cannot wait for the occasion.\"Professionals want to play in front of 50, 60, 70, 80 thousand people and it makes it worthwhile,\" he added.\"You train all your life to get to the big stages. I want to compete for titles and to be the best, and to do that you have to win against the best.\"The media will make a lot of it, and people have been talking about it for the whole week, even before the Champions League, but we just do our job, keep calm and prepare ourselves.\"
Ralph Hasenhuttl says Southampton have \"other problems\" to deal with after Cedric Soares declared his intention to leave at the end of the season.  Soares, who is in the final year of his contract at the St Mary's Stadium, expressed his desire for a new challenge but insisted he remained determined to help the Saints avoid relegation from the Premier League.Southampton are without a win in their last six league games and Hasenhuttl has his focus on securing positive results and not the future of members of his squad.Redmond: Words mean nothing after 9-0Charlie predicts Saints to beat EvertonAsked whether he had spoken to Cedric about the defender's future, Hasenhuttl replied: \"At the moment no, because we have other problems.\"I think every discussion about transfers or extending contracts we stop and put on ice until Christmas because we should first all look to focus on our work on the pitch.\"Hasenhuttl revealed the Euro 2016 winner is in contention to make his first appearance since a 4-0 Carabao Cup win against Portsmouth in September after withdrawing from the initial starting line-up that faced Tottenham later that month.\"Again, I don't discuss if any player is leaving or not,\" Hasenhuttl added, when pressed on whether the right-back would stay.\"We are discussing our performance. I think that makes more sense at the moment.\" Hasenhuttl has described Saturday's home fixture against Everton, who are one spot and three points above them in the table, as pivotal for both clubs.\"Every game is now very important because we are under the line [relegation zone] at the moment,\" the Austrian said.\"This is not a coincidence because we didn't take enough points.\"He added: \"[Everton] also know it is an important game for them. It is in this moment and situation, a six-point game. For us it is important we win but if they don't lose they stay away from us. \"Without a doubt we have to live on our results and that is what we have to do. The fans are waiting for a positive start from us.\"Hasenhuttl reiterated the club arage stronger since their 9-0 defeat ainst Leicester last month but urged his squad to produce a notable performance against Marco Silva's side as they aim to build momentum.\"We don't have to ask too much [from the fans],\" he said.\"We have to deliver and when we deliver we can be sure that they will help us.\"But first it is about us to show up and to show a reaction at home and give them the feeling that we do everything to win this game.\"
Liverpool midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum admits belief within the squad is so high he struggles to remember the last time he thought they would lose. The club's only loss this season was in the 2-0 Champions League reverse against Napoli, a match the Netherlands international did not feature in until the 66th minute.Since then they have pulled off some miraculous escapes with late goals against Leicester, Manchester United and Arsenal and have earned a reputation for never giving up.Mane responds to Pep: I'll 'dive' again for pen!De Bruyne: I don't care about Anfield statsThat will be tested to the limit live on Sky Sports on Sunday when defending champions Manchester City arrive at Anfield looking to halve the six-point lead Liverpool hold over them at the top of the table.So have they extinguished that losing feeling?\"Difficult. We just create that thing that we know we always can turn things around,\" said the Dutchman.\"We always have that feeling, to stay positive. That's also because of the results we had until now, and the way we came back.\"Our mindset is different, which is quite good, because we keep doing the things we want to do in a game. \"Normally if you are 2-0 down, your body language is going to change, but we still have that mindset that we can still turn it around.\"It's because of the belief we have in each other, but also the results we have had. We have (turned games around) a lot of times. That gives confidence.\"If it just happened once, it's not the same. But it happened over and over. We know we are a team that can always come back from difficult situations - but of course we don't want to let it go that far.\" It has been suggested the amount of physical and emotional energy the players are expending to turn around situations may eventually count against them.But Wijnaldum believes it has become so ingrained in them now that they can push past the pain in search of victory.\"It's hard, really hard. You have to go until the end, and you have to go even when you don't physically see a positive outcome,\" he added.\"Especially at the end of the games, you just keep going because you think you can.\"Your body is tired and so you battle with your body like 'No, we have to go, we have to go on'.\"It's really hard, but in the end you enjoy it more if you win that way than if it is easy.\"

Pep Guardiola is unsure if Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson will be fit for Sunday's Premier League trip to Liverpool after he picked up a muscular injury against Atalanta. Ederson was replaced by Claudio Bravo at half-time of City's Champions League draw on Wednesday. Bravo was then sent off for a challenge on Josip Ilicic, with right-back Kyle Walker going in goal for the final 10 minutes.When asked if Ederson would be fit for the trip to Anfield, Guardiola said: \"I don't know right now.Man City survive scare with Walker in goalFind out more about Sky SportsLive on Sky Sports this week\"It's a muscular problem. It was not big but [I took him off] to avoid risk. He didn't feel comfortable in the last minutes and that's why we decided to make a substitution.\"City held on for a 1-1 draw with Atalanta at the San Siro with Walker in goal. After taking an early lead through Raheem Sterling (7), City looked in control but a missed penalty from Gabriel Jesus (42) proved costly as the Italians improved after the break and equalised through Mario Pasalic (49).The game took an extraordinary turn late on when Bravo hauled down Josip Ilicic (80) and was dismissed, meaning Walker was summoned from the bench to play in goal and saved a free-kick. City trail league leaders Liverpool by six points and travel to Anfield for the most eagerly-anticipated fixture of the Premier League season, live and exclusive on Sky Sports.Liverpool have not lost in the league since their 2-1 defeat at the Etihad last January and their last home defeat came in April 2017. They have dropped just two points so far this season. City's keeper options: Bravo or Carson?If Ederson is unavailable, 36-year-old Bravo will be favourite to step in at Anfield on Sunday. However, the Chilean looked low on confidence in his second-half stint in the San Siro - there was understandable rustiness given he's only played two Premier League games in the last two years. If Guardiola wanted to look elsewhere, he has former England goalkeeper Scott Carson at his disposal. The 34-year-old is on loan from Derby and would no doubt relish the opportunity of playing against Liverpool. He was on the bench for them in Istanbul during the 2005 Champions League final.Academy graduate Daniel Grimshaw, 22, would be a third option. 'No way back for City if Liverpool win'Paul Merson says Liverpool can put a hand on the title if they beat City on Sunday...\"Liverpool and Manchester City were both on the floor against Aston Villa and Southampton but yet again they found the answer. Both clubs are relentless in their pursuit of the title but I don't see a way back for City if Liverpool win on Super Sunday.\"Liverpool will move nine points clear with a win at Anfield and, as we saw at Villa Park, they simply don't know how to lose, so I just don't where they would lose three matches to let City back in.\"It's a massive football match. It's one where Liverpool would be happy with a draw, that would leave them six points clear having played against City. When you look at the way Liverpool are playing at the moment, scoring freely, I'd find it hard to look past them for the title if they won.\"How to watch Liverpool vs Man CityWatch Liverpool vs Man City live on Super Sunday from 4pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 4.30pm.Live football on Sky - what's on this week?All Premier League fixturesNon-subscribers can watch the game through NOW TV - get a Sky Sports Day Pass for a one-off payment of &#163;9.99.Sky Sports customers can watch in-game clips in the live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle.
Heung-Min Son says he has exchanged messages with Andre Gomes since the Everton midfielder was seriously injured in a freak accident following the Tottenham striker's challenge on him on Sunday at Goodison Park. Gomes suffered a fracture dislocation to his right ankle in the incident, and Son was inconsolable when he saw the extent of the injury.He was sent off for the challenge but the red card was overturned by the Football Association - and Son returned to action on Wednesday night, scoring twice in a 4-0 Champions League win at Red Star Belgrade.Gomes: Thank you all for the supportGomes discharged after surgeryHaving been in touch with Gomes - who is expected to make a full recovery - Son says he will now try to use the incident as a positive.\"I text him before I flew and he text me back,\" Son said. \"I still feel really, really bad about this. I feel really sorry. \"Football is a sport where something can happen, but nobody wants to see this situation.\"I'm so sad this happened and that I was involved with this situation. It's been a really, really tough few days.\"I just text him to say best wishes to you, I'm really sorry for you, your family and your team-mates.\" Son needed support from Spurs in the aftermath of the incident but decided to make himself available for Wednesday's match.\"I have to respect that this is what I have to do, what I love to do. I realise how lucky I am,\" he added.\"People around me sent me really, really strong messages. My team-mates and even Everton fans, as well as Tottenham fans, even fans from South Korea. \"I'm really, really grateful for that. Still, I feel really sorry about this situation, but on the pitch I want to work for it because the team needs positive energy.\"I want to send the message that I'm really grateful for all the messages from every single supporter. Of course, it's really difficult to say this, but I'm really grateful and I realise how lucky I am.\"I want to pay them back on the pitch. That's all I can do. I want to respect him (Gomes) as well, and this is how I show respect - by working harder than in the past.\"




Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal may have to be patient in their efforts to lure Red Bull Salzburg's prolific young striker&#160;Erling Braut Haaland. Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus have all launched plans to sign the 19-year old, whose valuation has rocketed beyond &#163;80m, with 23 goals in 17 appearances to his name so far this season.However Sky Sports News has learned that the 6ft 4in Norwegian striker is also considering a proposal to stay affiliated to the RB group and join Bundesliga outfit RB Leipzig.Head coach Julian Nagelsmann, a known admirer of Haaland, sees him as a perfect fit in the youngest squad in the Bundesliga, and the player could be attracted by playing alongside other emerging talent like Timo Werner.Leipzig are up to third in the league after thrashing Mainz and Wolfsburg in the DFB Cup, while they also sit top of Group G in the Champions League after beating Zenit St Petersburg on Tuesday.The prodigious talent is the son of former Manchester City, Leeds and Nottingham Forest midfielder Alf-Inge Haaland, who has kept a steady hand on his son's development to date.Leipzig are hoping to convince father and son that the player's development is best suited to working with Nagelsmann and RB's head of sport Ralf Rangnick before he makes the move to one of Europe's elite clubs.However, United's Norweigian boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has already had the player under his guidance at Molde, where Haaland came through the youth ranks before joining Salzburg on January 1, 2019.Alf-Inge recently said his son is \"built\" for the Premier League but is in \"no hurry\" to make the switch to England after his stunning start to the season in Austria and beyond.After he became the first player to score seven goals in his first four Champions League appearances this week, his dad told talkSPORT: \"At one stage he would like to play in the Premier League, but when that will happen I don't know. It is a very tough league.\"Up to now he is ahead of the stage we thought he would be at. He is built for the Premier League, but whether that will happen now or at a later stage, we don't know.\"He is at Salzburg - a fantastic club playing Champions League - so in a way he is in no hurry.\"They have shown from the past that they are a 'middle step' club and, if they are going to recruit players in the future, they can't put a stupid price tag on the players because nobody would want to go there.\"He was a Leeds fan and a City fan and a Nottingham Forest fan; he followed me obviously, but that is what you do in your youth, It is different being a supporter and having a job, but he was born in Leeds.\"
Marcus Rashford says Manchester United finishing in the Premier League top four this season is \"not impossible\" and reveals how important Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Anthony Martial are to his own game... It has been an up and down start for Man Utd, who are currently 10th in the Premier League table with 13th points - a whopping ten points behind Leicester and Chelsea who currently occupy the third and fourth spots.How to watch Premier League highlightsPremier League Table | Fixtures | Top scorersBut Rashford believes that making the Champions League places is not out of Man Utd's reach, and that once the team are in full flow on the field, they will be hard to stop.He told Soccer Saturday: \"It's going to be tough [to get into the top four] but it's nowhere near impossible. We don't need to focus on any other teams, we play our best football when we focus on ourselves and us improving.\"That's the only way Man Utd play good football and we need to get back to doing that. It can be very simple for us and at the same time, you don't want to make it complicated for yourself.\"The main thing is bouncing back. I always think with home games, if you're energetic on the pitch, you're making runs and you're lively, you win games more often than not. \"Old Trafford is a special place and if we do that with the fans behind us, it's a tough place to come. With the tempo we play at when we're at our best, it's very hard to stop us so we use it as a template and we need to get back to doing that.\"I just look at the games where we've done it well and the games where we haven't. You weigh them up and look at how you can be more consistent in the games you've done well in.\"There was the game against Leicester where it wasn't 90 minutes of fun but you go through the game. We won 1-0 and it does a lot for the team and you as an individual. But ideally, you want that support there and you want to be in positions to help your team-mates.\" Analysis: Are Man Utd better suited to cup competitions?The man who shaped Man UtdMan Utd have lacked consistency at times this season - winning three, drawing four and losing four of their opening 11 games - but Rashford has pinpointed where they need to improve.\"The consistency in the performance and the consistency in the games you win are two completely different things,\" he explained. \"Out of 38 league games, you're not going to play well 38 times but just because you don't play well, doesn't mean you can't win the game and that's the thing we can improve on. When we're not quite playing at our best, we can find a way to get over the line.\"If we control the moments when the opposition are on top better, I'm sure in time we will know how to control them, their fans, the tempo that they play at and once we do that, we can start to win consistently.\"Download the Football Score Centre'Ole gives a different perspective' Rashford is being coached by a man who has been there and done it for Man Utd up front and he says Solskjaer gives him a different view on his own game.\"When someone is speaking to you that has been there and done it, it comes to you from a different perspective and it's easier to take in the information he's giving you,\" he said.\"You understand it a little bit more and as a forward, sometimes that's all you need - it needs to be simple and clear what you need to do. If you do that 10 or 15 times in a game, you for sure get a goal or two goals.\"That's the angle Ole looks at it from and for me, I have to look at it more from that perspective.\" The forward - who turned 22 last week - has been reunited with Anthony Martial in attack after the Frenchman's return from injury, with Rashford praising both Martial and Daniel James.\"If you have support as a central striker, it's not bad at all,\" he said. \"You can link with people and you can make runs that out you directly in front of the goal so it can be better at times. But sometimes when you're a loan striker and you've not got some support, it can be a tough 90 minutes.\"He [Martial] has been a big miss. As a No 9, it's always easier if you have someone you can work off and get close to and right now, we're having a good period. We've been playing good football but we can definitely score more goals and assist more and that's what we'll be looking at more as a pair.\"Dan [James] as well, he's very effective from the wide position and he can definitely score more goal himself and get a lot of assists for us. We take it game-by-game and look where we can improve after each match.\"Watch the interview on Soccer Saturday Catch the full Marcus Rashford interview on Soccer Saturday this weekend, from 12pm on Sky Sports News and Sky Sports Premier League.
A second man has pleaded guilty to the attempted robbery of Arsenal's Mesut Ozil and Sead Kolasinac. Jordan Northover, 26, appeared at Harrow Crown Court on Wednesday morning and admitted attempting to steal watches from Ozil and Kolasinac.Ashley Smith pleaded guilty on October 3 to the same offence.The incident took place on July 25 in Platts Lane, in Hampstead, north-west London and as a result, both players missed the opening Premier League game of the season over security concerns.CCTV footage spread widely on social media showed the Bosnian defender Kolasinac chasing off the two moped attackers who were wearing helmets and dark clothing.German midfielder Ozil could be seen in his black Mercedes G class jeep before he reportedly took refuge in a Turkish restaurant.Smith will be sentenced at Harrow Crown Court on Friday, November 8, while Northover will be sentenced at a later date.Chief Inspector Jim Corbett from the Metropolitan Police gave the following statement: \"Northover and Smith attempted this brazen robbery after travelling around streets nearby, looking for people to rob.\"Northover didn't hesitate to draw a weapon when making demands, but he didn't bargain on being challenged and the pair went away empty-handed.\"The victim and the people who were visiting him, while unharmed, were shaken by the incident. \"We identified these two suspects after a member of the public grew suspicious and called police, and this case demonstrates how important community information can be.\"I would like to thank everyone who came forward with information about this offence.\"These types of cases can be difficult to investigate as the perpetrators mask their identities by wearing crash helmets and scarves.\"It is vital that anyone who witnesses a robbery or sees anything suspicious contacts police to tell them what they know. The information could be vital.\"
Is the Leicester class of 2019/20 even better than the 2015/16 title winners? The Foxes go head-to-head with Arsenal on Saturday night in a key battle in the race for a top-four finish.Those sides were the top two in 2015/16 and Leicester have the upper hand again, sitting in third with a six-point cushion on the fifth-placed Gunners.In fact, Leicester currently have more points than they did at the same stage as their title-winning season.So how do Brendan Rodgers' men compare with Claudio Ranieri's 5000/1 champions? We take a look&#8230;The stats  Leicester were also in third spot at this stage of the 2015/16 season, however, Rodgers' current crop have one point more and a far better goal difference - in part thanks to their recent 9-0 thrashing of Southampton.Premier League tablePremier League resultsLeicester have scored 27 goals this season and conceded just eight, giving them the joint-best defensive record in the division. In 2015/16 they had 23 goals to their name but let in 19 - the most of any top-half team. The gap between Leicester and the league leaders at this point is significant, though.While four years ago they were still within touching distance of the top, only three points behind leaders Manchester City and Arsenal, this time Leicester are eight points behind first-placed Liverpool.That fast start by Liverpool, who have only dropped two points this season, and Man City's pursuit could put another title win out of Leicester's reach this season. After all, their haul of 81 points and a goal difference of +32 in 2015/16 wouldn't have seen them finish higher than third in subsequent years. However, individually, Jamie Vardy will still have hopes of claiming the elusive golden boot prize which he missed out on by one goal in 2015/16. He tops the scoring charts with 10 goals so far - one less than he had at the same stage in 2015/16.Vardy remains the star man for the club - but behind him there is a real contrast in how the two editions of the Leicester teams play&#8230; The styleRanieri's side had just one clean sheet at this stage in 2015/16, with the Italian boss infamously buying his team pizza after a shutout against Crystal Palace. But while the Italian tightened up his side's defence as the Foxes became serious contenders for the crown, it was their famed counter-attacking play which drove their title charge.Over 20 per cent of the team's passes were hit long in that season, with the pace of Vardy and Riyad Mahrez doing damage in behind opposition defences when Leicester broke up the pitch with pace. In contrast, this season's team have a far more controlled approach, with an ability to dominate possession and patiently create openings for their forwards - and are much more defensively sound as a result. Just 10.4 per cent of their passes are now hit long.That's not to say they don't race forwards when the opportunity presents itself but there has been a clear style shift. As the table above shows, Rodgers' men have significantly more possession and make far more passes than Ranieri's team did. It's a method which plays to the strengths of creators James Maddison, Harvey Barnes, Youri Tielemans and Ayoze Perez, while full-backs Ben Chilwell and Ricardo Pereira have been given licence to attack given the safety net of Wilfred Ndidi, who has been playing an N'Golo Kante-style holding role. So are Leicester now better than they were when they won the title? It's early days. The season is still young and Rodgers' side will have to prove they can sustain their levels throughout the busy winter period and into the crunch spring fixtures, just as Ranieri's team did. The toughest tests, which the 2015/16 generation were able to negotiate, lie ahead.But Leicester's start to the campaign has been a promising one and the signs are Rodgers has them on track to be mixing with the Premier League's top sides once again...The pundit verdict Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson: Leicester have been outstanding. They have an unbelievable manager. Brendan Rodgers has not added much to the squad he inherited from Claude Puel, but he's improved every single player at his disposal. He's getting a tune out of every single player, it's incredible. I cannot speak highly enough of Rodgers. Chairmen up and down the country will be thinking 'how did we not get him?'This Leicester team where languishing in mid-table and going nowhere until Rodgers came in, and in less than 12 months he's got the whole squad playing with confidence, they all know what they are doing and look like a proper team. At 4.30pm on Saturday, when Liverpool and City were losing, Leicester were in the title race. That may be beyond them this season, but I'd go as far as saying that this current team is better than the side that won the Premier League in 2015/16.If they beat Arsenal on Saturday, they will be in the driving seat for the top four. Rodgers has done so well that Leicester have a job on their hands keeping hold of him. If I were Arsenal, I'd be breaking the bank to get him, give him a five-year contract and sit back and watch him transform the club.Title winners - where are they now? Kasper Schmeichel - The goalkeeper remains Leicester's No 1. Ben Hamer - Back-up stopper is now on loan at Derby.Mark Schwarzer - He didn't play in either season but can claim successive titles after helping Chelsea to the crown in 2014/15. Now retired.Ritchie De Laet - Started 2015/16 at Leicester but was loaned out to Championship Middlesbrough mid-season. Now at Royal Antwerp.Danny Simpson - Released in the summer by Leicester and was picked up by Huddersfield.Wes Morgan - Still at Leicester as captain but no longer a first-choice centre-back. Robert Huth - After injury kept him out of the 2017/18 season he announced his retirement in January 2019.Marcin Wasilewski - One game short of a winners' medal with four appearances in 2015/16. Has been at Wisla Krakow in his Polish homeland since 2017.Yohan Benalouane - He made four appearances in 2015/16 and is now at Nottingham Forest.Christian Fuchs - The left-back signed a new one-year deal at Leicester in May 2019, although only made three Premier League appearances last season.Marc Albrighton - Still at Leicester although he has largely been used from the bench this season.Danny Drinkwater - Now on loan at Burnley after failing to find game-time at Chelsea following a big-money move in 2017.N'Golo Kante - Won the title again at Chelsea the following season and remains a key player for the Blues. Andy King - Has had loan spells at Swansea and Derby. Now on loan at Rangers.Daniel Amartey - Still at Leicester but hasn't been used by Rodgers this season after a bad ankle injury last year.Jeff Schlupp - Was named the club's young player of the year in 2015/16 but joined Crystal Palace in 2017.Demarai Gray - Joined in January of the title winning season. Has struggled to nail down a starting spot but is a regular off the bench.Riyad Mahrez - After a long transfer saga, Mahrez eventually joined Manchester City in the summer of 2018 and won his second Premier League title the following May. Gokhan Inler - Made five appearances in the title-winning season and is now at Istanbul Basaksehir after a season at Besiktas.Jamie Vardy - Still the star man for Leicester and currently the Premier League top scorer.Shinji Okazaki - Playing in the Spanish second-tier with Huesca after being released in the summer.Andrej Kramaric - Just two appearances in 2015/16 before going on loan to Hoffenheim. Now there permanently and scoring regularly in the Bundesliga.Leonardo Ulloa - A useful impact sub in the title-winning season, he is now at Rayo Vallecano in Spain after a season at Mexican side Pachuca following a loan spell at Brighton.Joe Dodoo - Made one sub appearance in the title-winning season. Now at League One Bolton after moving to Rangers in 2016/17 and spending time on loan at Charlton and Blackpool.Watch Leicester vs Arsenal live on Sky Sports Premier League from 5pm on Saturday; kick-off 5.30pm.   
Charlie Nicholas believes his former club Arsenal could suffer a heavy beating when they face Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday evening, live on <em> Sky Sports. </em> Unai Emery's side laboured to a 1-1 draw against Vitoria in the Europa League on Wednesday - a game in which they let a lead slip for the fourth successive match - but look on course to qualify from Group F.In the Premier League, Arsenal sit fifth after 11 matches. However, they are winless in three and pressure has grown on the Spanish coach ahead of their clash with the Foxes, who sit third in the table.Nicholas, who played over 180 games for Arsenal, is worried the side's defensive frailties will be ruthlessly exposed by Brendan Rodgers' free-scoring Leicester.\"It's seriously worrying,\" Nicholas told Sky Sports News. \"They've got Leicester on Saturday evening and at the moment it looks like they could blow them away.\"Arsenal fans have travelled and watched another basic performance. I like the manager a lot but I said the same with Arsene Wenger: things have to change. He [Emery] has to be stronger and sort these problems out. \"Arsenal have lost the urgency to go and win football matches. The defensive frailties have been there for 18 months, if not longer, and things need to get sorted now. Arsenal fans are starting to get pretty fed up.\"Emery at risk?Emery's future at the Emirates has become far from certain over the past month following a number of uninspiring performances from his side.If the Gunners lose to Leicester they will be at least six points adrift of the Champions League places. With an international break to come, speculation will only intensify that Emery could be relieved of his duties.Nicholas would not call for the Spaniard to be sacked but acknowledges something must change if Arsenal are to push for a place in the top four. \"He [Emery] is certainly under scrutiny,\" he said. \"I'm not calling for his head and the board won't be calling for his head, but this isn't Manchester United replacing Sir Alex Ferguson, it's not at that level. This is Arsenal trying to find a new identity. Is this different to what Wenger got the sack for? No, it's worse defensively.\"Nicholas added: \"I think the fans are starting to turn. They are asking the same thing as I am: where is the improvement and what is the difference [to Wenger]? What is Arsenal's personality?\"So yes, take it game by game, but if they are to lose to Leicester, the manager will come under serious, serious scrutiny.\"Will Xhaka play again for Arsenal? Arsenal decided to strip the Granit Xhaka of the club captaincy after an angry confrontation with supporters during the 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace last month.The Swiss midfielder was subsequently omitted from the matchday squad against Wolves at the weekend and was not included in the travelling party to take on Vitoria in Portugal.His future at the Emirates looks bleak and Nicholas is adamant the 28-year-old will not play again for the club and will be sold in January.\"His reaction was completely out of order. He's small fry in terms of the size of the club and the fans have a right to air their opinion, whether they get it right or wrong is open for debate,\" the former striker said.\"Xhaka can't play. I don't think he'll ever play for Arsenal again and I think he's gone in January. I really do. His behaviour was so unacceptable.\" In the aftermath of the Crystal Palace game, Arsenal full-back Hector Bellerin came out in support of Xhaka. Nicholas would not have expected anything less from one of the midfielder's team-mates but does not believe the fans will be able to forgive and forget.\"Xhaka can't be on the bench and warming up in front of the fans because they won't be thinking he's wholehearted, he's feeling it for us and working for us,\" said Nicholas.\"He doesn't want to be there anymore and Arsenal now have to make a decision. I think that decision will be made and he will leave. He's 28 and someone will come in for him in January. Then everybody can say goodbye and thank you very much.\"Aubameyang a leader?Arsenal's top scorer Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has replaced Xhaka as club captain, although Rob Holding wore the armband against Vitoria as the Gabon international was given the night off.Yet the decision to name the striker, who has scored 50 goals for the club since his signing in January 2018, as skipper has not filled Nicholas with confidence.\"As it stands right now we don't have a Frank McLintock, a Tony Adams, a Patrick Vieira, it's just not there,\" he said. \"Captains are not nice guys. They sacrifice part of their own game to be the captain. That is the secret to it. Arsenal don't have any players like that.\"Failures in the transfer marketMany observers felt Arsenal recruited well in the summer, with Nicolas Pepe, David Luiz, Kieran Tierney, Dani Ceballos and Gabriel Martinelli all arriving at the Emirates. Young French defender William Saliba also joined the club before being loaned back to Saint-Etienne.But Nicholas felt what the Gunners required, and missed out on, was a defensive leader to organise the backline and drag the side through difficult moments in games. \"Arsenal don't sign personalities,\" he said. \"Sadly I have to go way back to David Dein and he would sit down with Arsene Wenger and ask what kind of character he was signing. That's gone now. It's as if Arsenal sign players because they are desperate.\"Why not - and I don't know how much he would have cost - go and get (Chris) Smalling from Manchester United in the summer before he went to Roma? Because he'd be better than what they had. They could've had (Gary) Cahill from Chelsea and sat him in the defence. He is better than what they have and is also a leader, but they missed out.\"Leicester vs Arsenal live on Sky Sports Premier League from 5pm on Saturday; kick-off 5.30pm.   
Kepa Arrizabalaga has said he is \"very lucky\" to work under Frank Lampard as he hailed the influence the club legend is having at Chelsea.  Chelsea are fourth in the Premier League after 11 games and are well placed to progress from their Champions League group in the first season of Lampard's tenure at Stamford Bridge.Arrizabalaga, who joined Chelsea from Athletic Bilbao in a world record transfer for a goalkeeper in summer 2018, is confident the club record goalscorer's experience will prove invaluable for the young squad.Mount: Chelsea ready to win trophiesLampard 'blessed' by Chelsea talent\"He is a coach that was, and he is a legend in the club,\" Arrizabalaga said.\"He was a very important player during his football career.\"Now he is in his second year as a coach but he is sharing all his experience. Everything he knows about football, and everything he has lived, gave to Chelsea, and the titles he won with them like the Champions League, the Premier League and all the possible trophies.\"I am very lucky to have him as a coach.\"Chelsea have only lost one of their last 10 games in all competitions and Arrizabalaga, who won the Europa League - his first major trophy - last season, said the team are in a \"positive dynamic\". \"Of course, there are a lot of things that we could improve, and we still must grow as a team,\" the Spain international added.\"We are still at the beginning of the season, but we are enjoying, and we are feeling good on the pitch and that's important for the team.\" Chelsea, who host Crystal Palace on Saturday, sit level on points with third-place Leicester ahead of the final game before the latest international break and the 25-year-old is adamant the club can have a say in the title race.\"It is truth that Liverpool and Manchester City had a better level than the rest of the teams and this season, we are fighting,\" Arrizabalaga said.\"Currently we are in fourth position and obviously we want to get closer to them. We want to make things difficult for them and we are in that path.\"


Granit Xhaka has been stripped of the Arsenal captaincy, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang taking over the role. Emery told Xhaka on Tuesday morning he was no longer part of the Gunners' leadership group and said that Xhaka \"accepted\" the decision.\"I think we need to take time with him, first to protect him and also to be calm and training with us every day. But I was speaking with him this morning and also I decided he's not one of the captains in our group and I decided that and I told him this morning,\" Emery told Arsenal's website.The 27-year-old Switzerland international was also left out of Arsenal's squad for their Europa League tie with Vitoria on Wednesday.Xhaka has not played for the club since he told fans to \"f*** off\" when he was booed following his substitution against Crystal Palace on October 27th.He later revealed death threats against his wife and messages wishing his daughter got cancer pushed him to \"boiling point\" and that is why he lashed out at fans.\"My feeling of not being understood by fans, and repeated abusive comments at matches and in social media over the last weeks and months have hurt me deeply,\" he wrote in an Instagram post four days after the incident.\"People have said things like 'We will break your legs', 'Kill your wife' and 'Wish that your daughter gets cancer'.\"That has stirred me up and I reached boiling point when I felt the rejection in the stadium on Sunday.\" Xhaka's absence against Vitoria means it will be the third successive game the player has missed, following his absence from Arsenal's Carabao Cup fourth-round defeat to Liverpool and their Premier League draw against Wolves.With Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang not in the 18-man travelling squad for the match in Guimaraes, it is believed Hector Bellerin is likely to take the armband for Wednesday's game.\"We have now Aubameyang, Hector, Lacazette and Ozil - they are the four captains, and first is now Aubameyang,\" confirmed Emery.Analysis: What now for Xhaka?Sky Sports' Phil Thompson...\"This may be a burden lifted.\"This is not just from the Crystal Palace match. This has been building up. This has been a long time in the making.\"If you do something like what he did in the Palace match, I don't think you can have too much argument [against losing the captaincy].\"But l think coming back without being the captain might help him and help his game.\"
The chief Premier League title protagonists face off on Sunday - Liverpool vs Manchester City - and you can follow every minute live on Sky Sports. Merse Says: Liverpool within touch of titleGet a Sky Sports Day PassFind out more about Sky SportsIt is only the first week of November, but already there is a feeling this the first encounter of the season between 'The Kings of England' and the 'Champions of Europe' is a title-decider.Defeat at Anfield on Sunday could have serious ramifications for Manchester City in their quest for a third straight Premier League title, and you can follow all the action live on Sky Sports.Key times for Renault Super Sunday are:Coverage starts at 1pm from Anfield - with build-up to the game either side of Wolves vs Aston VillaKick-off is at 4.30pm; you can also follow live match coverage in our live blog across our digital platformsHow to watch with Sky SportsYou can watch the game live on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event, with our TV build-up kicking-off at 1pm where David Jones will be joined by a host of Sky Sports pundits to preview the crunch encounter.There is a whole range of options to complement and enhance your viewing experience with Sky Sports - for both subscribers and non-subscribers.Find out more about Sky SportsFor non-subscribers, Liverpool vs Manchester City is accessible through a NOW TV pass. Grab a Month Pass for just &#163;33.99.Sky Premier League subscribers will also be able to tune in to watch the channel's coverage on Sky Go.iOS users: Download the Sky Sports app from the App StoreAndroid users: Download the Sky Sports app from the Play Store You can also follow our live match blog across our digital platforms, where you will be able to watch all the major incidents via our expanded mobile clips service and keep up to date with all the action, including commentary, analysis and team line-ups.Also, this season, you can watch Premier League highlights with Sky Sports just after the full-time whistle for free and without being a Sky Sports subscriber.How to watch free PL highlightsWant to catch-up? Highlights and the best of all the best from before, after and during the game will also be published On Demand. Essential Liverpool vs Man City readingHow Sterling joined the eliteAll eyes will be on Raheem Sterling when Manchester City travel to Anfield on Sunday. Here, we tell the story of Sterling's rise to the very top...Merse Says: Liverpool within touch of titlePaul Merson says Liverpool and Manchester City were both on the floor against Aston Villa and Southampton but yet again they found the answer. Both clubs are relentless in their pursuit of the title but he doesn't see a way back for City if Liverpool win on Super Sunday. Pep: I didn't intend to brand Mane a diverPep Guardiola insists he had no intention of branding Sadio Mane a diver and said rivals Liverpool are not \"lucky\" due to their habit of late goals. Klopp: I won't mention City's tactical fouls!Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp aimed a passing dig at Man City's tactical fouling having also hit back at Pep Guardiola's criticism of Sadio Mane. Liverpool fan Sean Cox to attend Man City matchLiverpool fan Sean Cox is to return to Anfield for the first time since sustaining serious injury in an attack by Roma supporters outside the ground in April 2018.

Declan Rice feels West Ham can \"100 per cent\" finish in the Premier League top six but must improve their confidence, finishing and defensive structure. The 20-year-old England international admits that the Hammers are going through a \"little blip\" - failing to win their last five top-flight games - after a strong start to the season.They were beaten 3-2 at home by Newcastle on Saturday after they were held by promoted side Sheffield United at the London Stadium, and before that suffered back-to-back defeats to Everton and Crystal Palace.West Ham to recall Diangana?West Ham fightback not enough\"It's been very frustrating,\" Rice told Sky Sports. \"I think every player is feeling the same, the manager is feeling the same.\"Our confidence was so high at the start of the season. We're going through a little blip now, it happens to every team. It's about how we get out of it.\"We need to be more confident on the pitch, we need to be more defensively structured and we need to take our chances because in games we've had chances to kill the game off.\" West Ham face a tricky trip to Burnley on Saturday, who are looking to bounce back themselves after three straight Premier League defeats, losing 3-0 to Sheffield United last time out.However, Rice feels that a positive result at Turf Moor will get West Ham's season back on track.When asked if he felt a top-six finish was still achievable this season, Rice said: \"100 per cent. I think if you look from fifth to about 13th, there's about four points between six or seven teams.\"So you just have to keep working hard. If we beat Burnley on the weekend you're back up to seventh or eighth, so it's not too far away.\"Our minds are focused on winning games at home. We have to win games here, this is our home stadium. When teams come here they must know they are in for a game.\"When we go away, we haven't done that badly so far, so we need to continue that form.\"West Ham's Players' ProjectRice was speaking as part of West Ham's Players' Project, which is celebrating its one-year anniversary. Players from various Hammers sides have given over 300 hours to community projects, working with over 2,000 people. The club have invested &#163;18m in local projects so far, and have committed to increasing the figure to &#163;28m by 2021. West Ham vice-chairman Baroness Karren Brady said: \"When we moved to the stadium, we came here with the aim of affecting change - bringing investment, making a positive economic impact, creating opportunities for people, for our community.\"This project has been and continues to be a fantastic achievement, from running days supporting homeless people in the community, to working closely with our fantastic Any Old Irons and Pride of Irons support groups. West Ham United's Players' Project embodies the heart of the communities of London.\"
Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo is refusing to get carried away with his side closing in on the Europa League knockout stages. Victory against Slovan Bratislava at Molineux on Thursday would put Wolves on the brink of reaching the last 32.They would move five points clear of Bratislava, who sit third in Group K, with two games to play.Wolves are second in the group, a point behind Braga - who they travel to later this month - after a 2-1 win in Slovakia two weeks ago.Wolves vs Slovan Bratislava previewCharlie Nicholas' Europa League predictionsBut Nuno insisted Wolves cannot start thinking about qualification yet.\"We are always confident, we cannot expect things to happen, we have to make them happen,\" he said.\"We have to play the game, we are ready to compete and Slovan are a very tough team. Competing well is more important (than thinking about qualifying).\"It was an important result (in Bratislava), Slovan are a very good team, they caused us problems and we expect a tough game again. \"We want to play, perform, we are back at Molineux and want to perform well.\"Diogo Jota is banned after his late red card in Slovakia two weeks ago while Morgan Gibbs-White is still struggling with a back problem.Matt Doherty is expected to be fit despite being forced off in Saturday's 1-1 draw at Arsenal with a knee injury.Ryan Bennett has recovered from a groin injury and should return to the squad. Wolves are 12th in the Premier League as they adjust to playing in Europe and Adama Traore echoed his manager's caution about qualifying from Group K.\"I can't say how far we'll go but what I can tell you is we will fight every game to win,\" he said.\"We are aware of these three points but the important thing is to stay focused, we can't think about 'maybe we'll win three points'.\"Each game is important. We don't come out on to the pitch thinking 'win these three points and maybe we're in the next round'.\"It's a new competition for us, playing two games in the week, but the mentality of the team is great.\"
Heung-Min Son's red card against Everton has been overturned and he will be available for Tottenham's next three domestic fixtures. Spurs appealed the red card issued to the forward for his tackle on Andre Gomes during the 1-1 Premier League draw on Sunday, which led to the Portugal international suffering a fracture dislocation to his right ankle.Son initially appeared to have been given a yellow card by referee Martin Atkinson but it was later confirmed the Spurs forward had been shown a straight red card, which enabled the club to appeal the FA's decision.Gomes injury, Son red: All the reactionRef Watch: 'Son red understandable'An Independent Regulatory Commission assessed the case on Tuesday and agreed it was wrongful dismissal.\"Heung-min Son will be available for Tottenham Hotspur FC's next three domestic fixtures after an independent Regulatory Commission upheld a claim of wrongful dismissal,\" the FA said in a statement.\"The forward was sent off for serious foul play during the Premier League fixture against Everton FC on Sunday 3 November 2019.\"A Premier League statement released on Sunday said the red card was shown to Son for \"endangering the safety of a player\".Son, who has travelled with the Spurs squad for Wednesday's Champions League match against Red Star Belgrade, will now be available for selection for the Premier League fixtures against Sheffield United, West Ham and Bournemouth in November.Son was visibly distraught by the consequence of his challenge on Gomes, who has since been discharged from hospital after he underwent surgery, which Everton have described as having gone \"extremely well\".Pochettino: Son 'in a very good way' Spurs boss Pochettino said Son was in a better frame of mind following Sunday's match - ahead of the club's meeting with Red Star Belgrade - with one point separating the sides in Group B.\"Son is OK but was devastated after the action. It was a mixture of everything,\" Pochettino said.\"It was a mix of the injury, a mix of the red card and the situation in the game was an emotional moment for everyone.\"Of course, now after a few days, everyone is available to play. He is in a very good way, he feels sorry like everyone, but he is in good form.\"On the overturning of Son's red card, Pochettino added: \"It was good for everyone but most importantly it is fair.\"What we cannot do now is change the result now because when it happened it was 1-0 to us and playing with 10 men for nearly 15-20 minutes was the key to drawing the game.\"I was confident (it would be overturned). We were all confused after the game, I was talking with different people and of course with the referee too.\"There was confusion, but now it is completely fair that in the end he is not going to be suspended.\"
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp aimed a passing dig at Manchester City's tactical fouling having also hit back at Pep Guardiola's criticism of Sadio Mane. After fielding questions about Guardiola's comments on Mane, Klopp could not resist a subtle barb towards City ahead of their huge Premier League clash on Sunday, live on Sky Sports.Find out more about Sky SportsLiverpool vs Genk previewHow to watch Premier League highlightsDespite insisting he did not want to talk about the game, he said: \"I am not too sure if I want to put oil on the fire. I am not interested in these kind of things.\"I promise not to mention tactical fouls [an accusation levelled at City on numerous occasions by other managers]. That is maybe already too much, but that is the only thing I say about it!\"Both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Manuel Pellegrini have referenced City's 'tactical fouling' in the past seven months, and they are in fact top of the fouls committed table in the opposition half. However, City's style does mean they spend more time in the opposition half. When questioned about the timing of Guardiola's comments Klopp said: \"I have no clue. Do I get asked as well as much about Man City? I don't know.\"I don't understand these types of things. My brain is not big enough to think about another team as well. I have enough to do to think about us and deal with all these things. Tomorrow we play Genk and that deserves all my attention and gets it. After that we can speak about Manchester City.\" Klopp: Mane is not a diverMane, the Liverpool and Senegal forward, was booked at Aston Villa on Saturday for simulation, before scoring a header in stoppage-time to secure a 2-1 win for the Reds.Live Football: What's on Sky Sports this weekDownload the Football Score CentreGuardiola, speaking after City's comeback win against Southampton on Saturday, reacted by saying \"sometimes Mane's diving, sometimes he has this talent to score incredible goals in the last minute\". But his words did not go down well with Klopp, who said: \"I'm not really in a Man City mood at the moment.\"Do I like that he says this about one of my players? I'm not even 100 per cent sure if he spoke about Sadio [Mane] or us in general. I didn't hear Sadio's name.\"I don't know how he could have known about any incident in the game so quickly after [their game against Southampton]. \"Sadio is not a diver. There was a situation in the Aston Villa game where he got a contact and went down. Maybe it wasn't a penalty but there was contact - it's not like jumping over a leg and acting like he hit you.\"It is not the first time Mane has been scrutinised for going down too easily this season.The former Southampton forward won late penalties for Liverpool in narrow victories over Leicester and Tottenham last month.But Klopp, speaking ahead of Tuesday's Champions League group game at home to Belgian side Genk, maintained that Mane is not a cheat. \"All the other penalties were penalties because he was in that situation and stayed there,\" added Klopp.\"I'm 100 sure if something like this would happen for Man City, they would want to have a penalty because somebody kicked a player in the box and it's a penalty.\"I'm absolutely not in the mood to talk about Manchester City. I really want to talk about Genk or us, but not about the game on Sunday.\"Watch Liverpool vs Man City on Super Sunday from 4pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 4.30pm
Paul Merson says Liverpool can put one hand on the Premier League title if they beat Manchester City, explains why Unai Emery may be nearing the end at Arsenal and the outstanding candidate to replace the Spaniard at the Emirates... Analysis: Premier League hits and missesAll eyes on AnfieldLiverpool and Manchester City were both on the floor against Aston Villa and Southampton but yet again they found the answer. Both clubs are relentless in their pursuit of the title but I don't see a way back for City if Liverpool win on Super Sunday.Liverpool will move nine points clear with a win at Anfield and, as we saw at Villa Park, they simply don't know how to lose, so I just don't where they would lose three matches to let City back in. It's a massive football match. It's one where Liverpool would be happy with a draw, that would leave them six points clear having played against City. When you look at the way Liverpool are playing at the moment, scoring freely, I'd find it hard to look past them for the title if they won.People say it's early in the season but that argument winds me up. The league starts in August, every game is of vital importance and if Liverpool move nine points clear it would probably be in City's best interest to turn their attention to winning the Champions League.Sunday's game could be a straight shootout, and whoever misses first will lose the game. I cannot see Manchester City keeping Liverpool out, and I cannot see Liverpool keeping Manchester City out. I cannot see anything but goals, there's so much attacking talent on the pitch. If it's end-to-end there's only one winner in my opinion and that's Liverpool, their front three will have too much for City's current back four. Pep Guardiola is undoubtedly a great manager, but these are the kind of games where we really see what he's made of. Opening up the game could be fatal, as Liverpool have proved in the past, so he may have to alter his principles slightly, sit back, contain Liverpool. City don't have to win the match, it will be game on in the title race if they remain six points behind, but they cannot afford to lose.Emery approaching the end?I read somewhere that Unai Emery was pleased with how Arsenal's 1-1 draw with Wolves panned out from a tactical perspective. If letting Wolves have 24 shots on goal was what he wanted, then yes, it went to plan. But when you consider that was the most shots Arsenal have faced in a Premier League game since moving to the Emirates, I doubt whether that was his intention. That came after Arsenal conceded 31 shots away at Watford, who are rock bottom of the Premier League. That is some doing.Emery is struggling and with a trip to Leicester on Saturday, he will do well to keep hold of his job if that goes against him. The gap is already six points to fourth place and Arsenal are in a situation where they can realistically only afford to lose two more game this season to keep pace with the teams ahead of them.And, to make matters worse, the fans are turning, they are booing, making decisions and chanting 'you don't know what you're doing'. That's not good, especially ahead of the two-week international break, a break in which Emery's position will be under threat if they fall to the Foxes. Find out more about Sky SportsLeicester better than 2016 championsLeicester have been outstanding. They have an unbelievable manager. Brendan Rodgers has not added much to the squad he inherited from Claude Puel, but he's improved every single player at his disposal. He's getting a tune out of every single player, it's incredible.I cannot speak highly enough of Rodgers. Chairmen up and down the country will be thinking 'how did we not get him?' This Leicester team were languishing in mid-table and going nowhere until Rodgers came in, and in less than 12 months he's got the whole squad are playing with confidence, they all know they are doing and look like a proper team. At 4.30pm on Saturday, when Liverpool and City were losing, Leicester were in the title race. That may be beyond them this season, but I'd go as far as saying that this current team is better than the side that won the Premier League in 2015/16. If they beat Arsenal on Saturday, they will be in the driving seat for the top four.Rodgers has done so well that Leicester have a job on their hands keeping hold of him. If I were Arsenal, I'd be breaking the bank to get him, give him a five-year contract and sit back and watch him transform the club.Things will only get better at ChelseaSaturday's trip to winless Watford was a banana skin for Chelsea - Watford have to win a match at eventually - but the Blues keep on churning out results.The job Frank Lampard is doing, he's getting a tune out of everyone. You've only got to look at Kovacic, who last season made you question whether he ever played for Real Madrid with his performances, but you watch him now and he looks like a proper player. You've also got to remember that Chelsea's success has come without their key players; their best centre-back Antonio Rudiger and one of the best holding midfielders in the world in N'Golo Kante.You look at Chelsea's squad and it's a good squad. They're young, so they will have their ups and downs, but they're enthusiastic and Lampard is leading them in the right direction.VAR-cical It's hard to say what you really want to say about VAR, but the whole thing is on the verge of becoming embarrassing and needs sorting fast.Ref Watch: Son red card 'understandable'The time has come for the Premier League to get ex-professional players involved in the decision-making process, footballers with experience who can advise the referees, because some of the decisions are bordering on ridiculous.The Gerard Deulofeu incident at Watford was laughable. He just fell over, tried his luck and low and behold, after a five-minute delay, he got a penalty.The bar was set so high for VAR initially, but within two weeks its been lowered to a level that is scary.
Liverpool fan Sean Cox is to return to Anfield on Sunday for the first time since sustaining serious injury in an attack by Roma supporters outside the ground in April 2018. Cox and his family will be hosted by Liverpool this weekend for the top-of-the-table clash with Manchester City, live on Sky Sports Premier League.The 54-year-old was left with serious brain injuries after he was attacked ahead of Liverpool's Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma in 2018.Italian fan Simone Mastrelli was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison after pleading guilty to assault. Cox recently moved to a specialist neurological facility in the north of England for a 12-week rehabilitation programme, focused on developing his speech and movement, after 18 months of treatment in Ireland.In April this year a Liverpool legends charity match in Dublin raised &#163;640,000 for Sean Cox Rehabilitation Trust.\"We're delighted to welcome Sean and his family back to Anfield,\" chief executive Peter Moore said. \"I am sure it will be an emotional return for the family; however, the club has worked closely with the Cox family to ensure that their visit is made as easy as possible, and that they are given all the space and comfort that they need.\"The way that our fans have supported Sean and the Cox family is a testament to their commitment to the LFC family, and we know this will be the case again on Sunday.\"

Manchester United have received no bids for Chris Smalling from Roma, Sky Sports News understands.  The defender is spending a season on loan in the Italian capital and has made a strong start to life in Serie A, recently scoring in a 4-0 win at Udinese before playing in his side's 2-1 win over Napoli.Rashford: Top four not impossibleThe man who shaped Man UtdAre Man Utd better suited to cup competitions?Speculation persists there have been talks between United and Paulo Fonseca's side to make the move permanent.However, it is understood there have been no bids from Roma.Sky Sports News has reported Smalling is expected to return to United once his year-long loan deal expires in the summer. The 29-year-old signed a new contract at United, which still has two-and-a-half years left on it with the option of a further year, last December.Roma are third in the table after three wins on the bounce.
West Ham United are considering recalling Grady Diangana from his loan at West Bromwich Albion in January, as manager Manuel Pellegrini looks to increase his attacking options for the second half of the season. Sky Sports News understands there is a clause in the versatile attacking midfielder's loan agreement which allows him to return to the London Stadium in the new year, should West Ham decide they need him.Newcastle win despite West Ham fightbackWest Brom back on top after win at StokeWest Brom re-sign BarryMichail Antonio's hamstring injury and Felipe Anderson's inconsistency has seen Pablo Fornals play on the wing in recent matches, but Diangana's impressive performances in the Championship have grabbed Pellegrini's attention.The England U20 international has played 14 games for Albion, scoring four goals and adding four assists.Diangana was involved in both goals in the Baggies' 2-0 win against Stoke on Monday night - his cross was tapped in by Matt Phillips to open the scoring, before winning the penalty Hal Robson-Kanu converted in the second half. The 21-year-old made 17 Premier League appearances for the Hammers last season, after scoring twice in his first team debut against Shrewsbury in the Carabao Cup.He signed a new six-year deal with West Ham in January, keeping him at the club until 2025.
Sky Sports and Budweiser, the official beer of the Premier League, have teamed up to bring you the weekly Power Rankings. Chelsea midfielder Christian Pulisic storms to the summit this week after scoring the winner in a 2-1 win at Watford, having smashed a hat-trick past Burnley a week ago.Team-mate Willian (No 7) slips one place but retains his top-10 standing, while Liverpool right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold (No 8) is among the top performers after assisting Sadio Mane's 94th-minute winner at Aston Villa.Premier League tablePremier League top scorersIncredibly, seven Leicester players pile into the top 10 after the Foxes' 2-0 victory against Crystal Palace to maintain third spot in the Premier League.How are the Power Rankings calculated?Carra & Yungen's KOTPL XIThe group includes Jamie Vardy (No 2), Ben Chilwell (No 3), Caglar Soyuncu (No 4), James Maddison (No 5), Ayoze Perez (No 6), Youri Tielemans (No 9) and Kasper Schmeichel (No 10), while Ricardo Pereira (No 12) only just misses out.Several players who have been out of form or favour in recent times top their respective club's rankings, including the likes of Dele Alli, Robert Snodgrass, James Ward-Prowse, John Lundstram and Jordan Ayew.
Pep Guardiola insists he had no intention of branding Sadio Mane a diver and said rivals Liverpool are not \"lucky\" due to their habit of late goals. The Manchester City boss accused Mane of going to ground too easily after the Senegal international was booked for simulation before scoring a last-minute winner against Aston Villa on Saturday.Guardiola described his comments, which have annoyed Liverpool counterpart Jurgen Klopp, as recognition of their Premier League rivals' relentless determination.Klopp: I won't mention City's tactical fouls!Pep accuses 'special talent' Mane of divingHe also made reference to a disputed penalty last month when Mane was adjudged to have been brought down by Leicester's Marc Albrighton in injury-time at Anfield.Speaking at a pre-match news conference before City's Champions League group game against Atalanta on Wednesday, Guardiola said: \"Sometimes at 94 minutes against Leicester with the penalty it was like 'wow'.\"It was far from my intention to say that Sadio Mane is that type of player because I admire him a lot.\"For Jurgen it was a penalty, for the referee it was a penalty and VAR it was a penalty. Maybe I was wrong, or not, to think it was [maybe not] a penalty.\"Jurgen knows Sadio better than me and I have an incredible respect [for that]. When [Klopp] says he is not like this then it is not like this.\"It was a praise to Liverpool to say it was not just because of one action. [Their late goals] happened many times at Anfield and away because they push and push. That is why it is nice to face them and to try to compete with them.\" Liverpool maintained their six-point lead at the top of the Premier League table with a come-from-behind win at Villa Park, with Klopp's side earning a reputation for crucial late goals.Champions City travel to Anfield to face league leaders Liverpool next in the Premier League on Sunday, live on Sky Sports.\"My son and my daughter always, when Liverpool win in the last minutes, ask me how lucky Liverpool are,\" Guardiola said.\"I tell them they are not. What Liverpool has done this season and last season many times is because they have this incredible quality and talent to fight until the end. \"That's why I said to my players - not just my son and my daughter - that it is not lucky. If it happens once or twice in their life's then OK but it has happened maybe 10 to 13 times.\"Pep: I don't put oil in the fire Klopp responded to Guardiola's criticism of Mane with a dig at City's supposed tactical fouling, which has previously been raised by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Manuel Pellegrini.Atalanta vs Man City previewBut Guardiola, who also refused to respond to Klopp's suggestion he was obsessed by the European champions, was in no mood to respond further and said: \"I don't put oil in the fire.\"City, who top their Champions League group on maximum points from their opening three games, will qualify for the knockout stages with a win against Atalanta at the San Siro.Watch Liverpool vs Man City on Super Sunday from 4pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 4.30pm.
Everton midfielder Andre Gomes has been discharged from hospital following successful surgery on his right ankle, the club confirmed on Tuesday. The 26-year-old suffered a fracture dislocation to his right ankle during Sunday's draw with Tottenham at Goodison Park and on Monday underwent surgery, which the club said went \"extremely well\".Everton snatch draw after horror Gomes injuryRef Watch: 'Son red understandable'Gomes injury, Son red: All the reactionGomes will continue his rehabilitation under the care of Everton's medical team at their Finch Farm training ground.The Portugal international is expected to be sidelined for anywhere between six months and a year given the seriousness of the injury, which left players from both sides in shock on the pitch at Goodison Park.Gomes was badly hurt 79 minutes into Everton's 1-1 draw with Spurs after he collided with Heung-Min Son and was propelled into Spurs full-back Serge Aurier, landing innocuously.After some initial confusion, Son was sent off for his challenge on Gomes once the extent of the midfielder's injury became clear. Son was visibly distraught upon realising the severity of Gomes' injury, and was comforted by Everton captain Seamus Coleman in the Spurs dressing room after the game.Sky Sports News understand Tottenham have lodged an appeal against Son's red card.Meanwhile, Merseyside Police say they will not be taking further action following a complaint of racist abuse towards Son during the match.
Football lawmakers will block any attempt for managers to challenge refereeing decisions during a game, following the controversial introduction of Video Assistant Referees (VARs) to the Premier League. The Telegraph reports clubs will discuss whether managers should be allowed to appeal a refereeing decision during a game after VAR's introduction.PL managers to meet ref boss over VARRef Watch: Son red understandableBut the International Football Association Board (IFAB) has confirmed to Sky Sports News it is against the laws of football and will not be allowed.Lukas Brud, IFAB secretary, said: \"Where the protocol is applied properly, there is no need for managers to challenge referees as VARs see more due to their access to every camera feed.\"It cannot be a solution to allow managers to challenge refereeing decision during a match. Challenges could be misused tactically and it is not the solution. It would interrupt the game and could put additional pressure on referees. It will not happen.\" Premier League clubs will discuss VAR at a routine meeting on November 14.Premier League managers to meet Mike Riley over VARRiley, general manager of the Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL), the body responsible for the country's leading referees, will meet with the top-flight's northern-based managers on Thursday after sharing views with southern bosses last week.The meetings had been planned months ago but following the latest VAR controversies, managers on Thursday will discuss whether match officials should be allowed to consult pitch-side monitors.Should the majority of top-flight managers and clubs agree on the issue, the PGMOL will consider introducing them, but no formal vote will be made at this stage.
Mauricio Pochettino insists he is \"happy\" with Christian Eriksen's performances and says the midfielder is still committed to Tottenham. Eriksen is in the final year of his contract and in previous interviews has made no secret of his desire to leave the club for a new challenge.Both Real Madrid and Manchester United were linked with moves for Eriksen in the summer but they never materialised with the 27-year-old now free to sign a pre-contract agreement with clubs abroad in January.Red Star vs Tottenham previewCharlie Nicholas' CL predictionsHowever, Pochettino has no concerns with the player, who has just one goal and one assist to his name in 12 games.\"I don't think the performance of Christian (Eriksen) is any different than when we signed him five-and-a-half years ago,\" Pochettino said.\"His commitment is the same - sometimes we maybe look too much at whether a player has a one-year contract or a four-year contract.\"In the end it is about commitment - maybe players in the last year of their contract show more commitment than a player with four more years on their contract.\"But when you see Christian and you compare him to different seasons, he is the same player.\"Pochettino also went on to suggest any potential dip in overall performance was not down to a lack of desire but an injury sustained at the end of last season.\"After the Champions League final, he got an groin injury with the national team and pre-season was not the best for him,\" Pochettino explained.\"Like all the players he needs time but commitment but I am happy with what he is doing.\"
John Stones admits he and his Manchester City team-mates must continue to set the standard as the Premier League champions work hard to cover for the injured players at the club. City, who have won their opening three games of this season's Champions League group stage, will continue their pursuit of a first title in Europe's top-tier club competition against Serie A side Atalanta in Italy on Wednesday.David Silva has been ruled out with a muscular injury he suffered against Southampton on Saturday, while Rodri (hamstring), Oleksandr Zinchenko, Leroy Sane and Aymeric Laporte (all knee) are also out.Atalanta vs Man City previewCharlie Nicholas' CL predictionsStones is determined to prove his significance to Pep Guardiola's side as the club continue, in particular, to deal without long-term injury absentee Laporte, following the departure of former captain Vincent Kompany.\"We've all got to step up as players, fight for our positions, fight for our team-mates, the lads that are injured, the likes of Aymeric and Leroy,\" Stones said.\"We need to play for them. We need to keep working hard every day in training and setting the standard for everyone.\"That is what has brought us the success last season. We have got to take that responsibility as individuals and as a team.\" Stones missed most of the opening to the season after suffering a muscle injury in training but is now back to full fitness and the England international admitted it has been a frustrating period in his career at the club. \"It's been difficult getting re-injured,\" Stones, who has played in the last five matches, said.\"It was difficult because it's me out of the team, not being able to be there for the team and be selected for the manager. \"I'm trying to stay as fit and healthy as I can now and get a run of games when called upon to try and do my best for the team and for myself.\"I feel good again, I feel fit and I need to stay like this for as long as I can - for the rest of the season hopefully.\"During Stones' absence Guardiola was forced to play holding midfielders Fernandinho and Rodri in defence and the 25-year-old said he was \"massively impressed\" with how they deputised in the position. \"I'm massively impressed for the likes of Fernandinho,\" he said.\"He's played in numerous positions and played as if he's played there his whole career and that's the great mentality that he's got and the rest of the lads as well.\"If asked to play different positions it's never second-guessed, the lads are always doing it. That's credit to them and it's something that people should look at. It's about helping the team and not putting yourself first sometimes.\"Watch Liverpool vs Man City on Super Sunday from 4pm on Sky Sports Premier League and Main Event; Kick-off 4.30pm.


Real Madrid are preparing to test Manchester City&#8217;s resolve with an audacious offer of Gareth Bale plus &#163;70m in exchange for Raheem Sterling. Sky Sports News understands representatives from Real will travel to watch Sterling's performances for England next month, at home to Montenegro and away to Kosovo, before deciding on the final details of a proposal to City.Silva doubtful for Liverpool gameTransfer Centre LIVE!Sterling's representatives met with Real's general director Jose Angel Sanchez in the summer in a failed bid to tempt City's forward to the Bernabeu.However, Real president Florentino Perez knows another 12 months without a deal will see Sterling's &#163;150m present valuation increase further still.Privately City, and in particular manager Pep Guardiola, are understood to have little interest in signing the 30-year old Welshman.Equally, if Bale chooses to remain with Real, then Perez will have to part with a figure close to the world record &#163;200m paid to Barcelona by Paris Saint-Germain for Neymar.Sterling has made no secret of his desire to play in La Liga - but with more reports on Monday in Spain that Bale wants to bring an end to his time in La Liga, Perez believes a bold deal, involving two of the biggest names in world football, could potentially be agreed with City.Real's interest in Sterling is well known behind the scenes at the Etihad. For their part City are desperate to keep hold of the player they bought from Liverpool in 2015 for &#163;49m - a then-record for an English player. Meanwhile, Leroy Sane has failed to agree a new deal at City and Bayern president Uli Hoeness is increasingly confident of landing the German international, which could see the club's four wingers reduced to just two by the end of the campaign.For Perez, the pressure increases to rejuvenate a club still reeling from the loss of Cristiano Ronaldo. He first tried to sign Sterling as a precocious 19-year old talent, when he won the 'Golden Boy' award, judging him to be the best young talent in Europe in 2014.Sterling, who has scored seven goals in 10 appearances this season, has three years left on the &#163;280,000-a-week deal he signed a year ago and is unlikely to demand that City let him go.However, with Real interested, it is clear City will have some big decisions to make in the weeks ahead.
Andre Gomes has undergone surgery to repair a fracture dislocation to his right ankle sustained during Sunday&#8217;s match with Tottenham. Everton say the procedure went \"extremely well\" and the midfielder is expected to make a full recovery.Everton snatch draw after horror Gomes injuryRef Watch: 'Son red understandable'Gomes injury, Son red: All the reactionGomes will continue his recovery in hospital before stepping up his rehabilitation at Everton's Finch Farm training ground.Everton said in a statement: \"On behalf of Andre, the club would like to thank all Everton supporters and members of the wider football family for the overwhelming messages of support we have received since yesterday's match.\" The Portugal international is expected to be sidelined for anywhere between six months and a year given the seriousness of the injury, which left players from both sides in shock on the pitch at Goodison Park.How the teams lined upFind out more about Sky SportsGomes was badly hurt 79 minutes into Everton's 1-1 draw with Spurs after he collided with Heung-Min Son and was propelled into Spurs full-back Serge Aurier, landing innocuously. After some initial confusion, Son was sent off for his challenge on Gomes once the extent of the midfielder's injury became clear.Son was visibly distraught upon realising the severity of Gomes' injury, and was comforted by Everton captain Seamus Coleman in the Spurs dressing room after the game. The Professional Game Match Officials Board has since told Sky Sports News that despite Atkinson initially removing a yellow card from his pocket, it was never shown to Son.As the dismissal was for a straight red card, Tottenham are free to appeal Son's red card, unlike in a situation where a player is dismissed for receiving two yellow cards. Holgate: We wanted to do it for GomesThough Everton cancelled out Dele Alli's opening goal with a Cenk Tosun header deep into the 12 minutes of time added on following Gomes' injury, there was little sense of celebration at full-time. Everton defender Mason Holgate said he and his team-mates felt like they owed it to Gomes to get a result, but the draw still felt like a defeat.\"It is hard when something like that happens to get going again but we showed fight and went again,\" Holgate said. \"But it shows what we are about as a team. We got together and I think it drove us on a bit more once we got going, trying to do it for him.\"It was really flat [in the dressing room]. It was like we had been beaten. He is all our friend and our team-mate so we are all gutted and wishing him the best.\" Saha: Gomes needs supportLouis Saha, who broke his leg while playing for Everton, said during Sunday's coverage: \"It was a horrific memory. It is not something you really expect to come back from quickly because you have a memory always coming back.\"It's a moment where you need your family around you, you need your team-mates sending you messages and making sure you feel supported because it is very tough.\"Police investigate racist tweetMerseyside Police say they are investigating a tweet of a racist nature in the wake of the game.The statement read: \"A report was received following the Everton v Tottenham Hotspur match that the post was on Twitter.\"Merseyside Police will not tolerate hate crime in any form and is working to identify and bring to justice anyone found responsible for committing a hate crime\".
Norwich executives insist there is no need to panic despite announcing losses of &#163;38m for the financial year ending June 2019. The Canaries revealed the figures in their annual accounts, which comprised of &#163;32.8m spent in \"operating activities,\" while the purchases of Emiliano Buendia, Moritz Leitner and Philip Heise have contributed to the debt.However, the board remain confident the current financial situation is only temporary and believe it has been heightened through not receiving parachute payments from the Premier League for the first campaign in eight years.Norwich's chief operating officer Ben Kensell said: \"These figures demonstrate the club's financial resilience with our first year without parachute payments whilst achieving promotion to the Premier League as champions.\" The Canaries did raise funds through the sales of Josh Murphy, Alex Pritchard and Leicester playmaker James Maddison, amounting to &#163;20.6m. A statement on the club's website read: \"Following promotion to the Premier League the club anticipates a substantial operating profit in the financial year to June 2020.\" Norwich are enduring a difficult return to the Premier League sitting 19th in the table. They are without a win since a dramatic 3-2 victory over reigning champions Manchester City on September 14. Daniel Farke's side host bottom club Watford in a crucial clash live on Sky Sports Premier League on Friday.
Where would Manchester United be without Matt Busby? Their recent struggles have been tough to take for supporters, but the probability is that they would be far worse off. The probability is that, without him, they would not be the footballing giant they are today.The full extent of his influence - on football itself as well as on Manchester United - is chronicled in Busby, a compelling new feature documentary from the producers of The Class of '92 and Sunderland 'Til I Die.Using previously unseen footage, interspersed with archive interviews with the man himself and a long list of contributions from the players and colleagues who knew him best, it tells the story of how Busby transformed the club, how he revolutionised management, how he led United through unthinkable tragedy and how his legacy endures today.Busby's 25-year spell as Manchester United's manager is, of course, the focus, but the film crams almost his entire life into its 98-minute run-time, beginning with his working-class upbringing in Scotland's Lanarkshire mining country and a reminder that, for him and many others, football was an escape from a harsh existence.Busby was a product of a tough environment, even by the austere standards of the day, but in one of a series of revealing archive interviews, we also hear about the \"inferiority complex\" that almost convinced him to give up on the sport as a teenage apprentice at Manchester City.Champion of youthIt was, perhaps, the root of the empathy that would become a defining feature of his management style. Decades later, the young player who almost turned his back on it all would become the architect of the Busby Babes, a pioneering champion of youth who made his players \"feel important\" in a way he had not himself at the beginning of his career.Pogba reveals injury timelinePremier League hits and missesBusby's early experiences shaped him, instilling in him the principles of hard work and humility as well as humanity, and he duly shaped Manchester United, transforming a club which was quite literally bombed-out when he took the job in 1945 - Nazi air raids are shown to have reduced parts of Old Trafford to rubble - into a powerhouse of the game. We hear how he redefined the role of management, demanding unprecedented control of team selection, transfers and even day-to-day training. Busby is described as the first \"tracksuit manager\", preferring to join his players on the training pitch rather than sit in an office. His sessions are brought to life in more illuminating archive footage.Busby's impact was immediate, of course. Having bounced between the top two divisions in the years leading up to the Second World War, Manchester United secured four second-placed finishes in Busby's first five years in charge, winning an FA Cup and, in 1951/52, clinching the First Division title or the first time in four decades.By that point, Busby was placing more and more emphasis on youth, an approach which would become synonymous with the club and one they are attempting to reapply under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, whose treble-winning heroics in 1999 - for a Manchester United side dominated by the Class of '92 - also feature in the film as an illustration of the great man's legacy.We hear how Busby and Jimmy Murphy, his influential assistant, recruited and developed young talent partly because they felt older players had become - to use a term from the film - \"corrupted\" by past failures, but also as a means of holding down the wage bill and creating a sense of identity.The ethos was \"nobody is bigger than the club\" and the result was a thrilling young team which captivated the nation - before tragedy struck.Tenure tinged by tragedyThe film deals sensitively with the horror of the Munich air disaster, which claimed the lives of eight members of the Busby Babes, including the \"incomparable\" Duncan Edwards, in February 1958. We see the news conveyed back in Britain through newspaper cuttings and hear of the disbelief which greeted it.Find out more about Sky SportsRef Watch: 'Son red understandable'The testimony of the crash's survivors is deeply poignant. As well as showing footage of the wreckage itself, the film shows players and staff recovering in Munich's Rechts der Isar Hospital afterwards. Their thumbs up for the cameras are jarring in the context of the events.Busby himself was among the most seriously injured, coming close to death and not even discovering the devastating extent of the crash until some weeks later. He would recover from his injuries, of course, but the mental scars left him with an enduring sense of guilt. We hear how he felt responsible for what happened, how he blamed his obsessive pursuit of the European Cup - United were travelling back from a tie against Red Star Belgrade at the time of the crash - and even how he wished he had died with his players.Busby spent more than two months in hospital, but the film chronicles United's return to competitive action a little over two weeks after the crash, their decimated team, cobbled together by Murphy, who had not travelled to the Red Star Belgrade game, drawing 1-1 with Nottingham Forest at a packed Old Trafford.There is haunting footage of a numb and expressionless Bill Foulkes, one of two survivors to play in that game along with goalkeeper Harry Gregg, sitting silently in the dressing room afterwards. His trauma is obvious but his bravery after such horror typifies the club's response to the disaster.Busby's 'crowning achievement'From there, the film chronicles Busby's second rebuilding job and the construction of another brilliant Manchester United team which included Foulkes, Bobby Charlton and other Munich survivors but was centred around star signings George Best and Denis Law, whose thrilling attacking play illuminates the screen and eventually inspires United to the 1968 European Cup win over Eusebio's Benfica, fittingly described as Busby's \"crowning achievement\".Busby had already achieved God-like status among Manchester United supporters by then. Amid the footage of the crowd at Wembley that day, there is one banner which reads \"Sir Matt for Prime Minister\". Busby would be knighted in the wake of the game. The film shows how deeply he was impacted by the Munich air disaster, becoming more withdrawn and reflective as he grew older, but Busby continued to transform the club off the pitch as well as on it. He was commercially-minded, the film reminds us, and instrumental in the introduction of corporate boxes and other advancements at Old Trafford.The parallels between the period after Busby's retirement - when Manchester United went through a succession of unsuitable managers before landing on Sir Alex Ferguson - and that of the last six years are plain to see. But as the battle to realign the club with its identity continues, this evocative film is a reminder that it has come through far worse.'Busby' is available to own on digital download from November 15 and on DVD and Blu-ray from November 18.How to follow Man Utd vs BrightonFollow Man Utd vs Brighton on Sunday - kick-off 2pm - with our live match blog on the Sky Sports website and app. Highlights will be published on the Sky Sports digital platforms and the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel shortly after the final whistle.

We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainGareth Bale wants to leave Real Madrid in January due to his poor relationship with manager Zinedine Zidane. The Welsh star has failed to hold down a regular starting role under the French coach. (AS) Bale's departure would allow Real Madrid to pursue a deal for either Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek or Tottenham star Christian Eriksen. (Mundo Deportivo) Kai Havertz would not rule out a move away from the Bundesliga when he leaves Bayer Leverkusen: \"I'm confident I could go abroad and play at clubs outside of Germany. For the moment, I want to have a good season. Afterwards, we'll see.\" (Marca)Las Palmas are interested in Barcelona midfielder Riqui Puig, who was wanted by Tottenham in the summer, and could make an offer to take the 19-year-old on loan in January. (Marca) ItalyJuventus, Real Madrid and Manchester United all hope to strike a deal with Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old, who has scored 22 goals in 16 games this season, could cost in excess of &#163;85m. (Tuttosport) Sandro Tonali is also on Juventus' list of targets for next summer. The Brescia midfielder, who has been dubbed the new Pirlo, could cost in excess of &#163;50m. (Tuttosport) Bologna hope to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic in January if the Swedish striker is prepared to return to Serie A. \"The phone calls between the coach (Sinisa Mihajlovic) and Ibra are there and if he wants to return to Italy, we're ready,\" said sporting director Riccardo Bigon. (Radio Anch'io Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe a new contract worth almost &#163;700,000 a week after tax to keep him out of the clutches of Real Madrid of Barcelona. The French forward's current deal expires in the summer of 2022. (Le Parisien)Mauro Icardi does not want to return to Inter Milan and hopes his loan move to PSG will be made permanent. \"To play for PSG is massive, it's one of the best clubs in the world. I'll do everything I can to stay. I need to show what I've got on the pitch.\" (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich may look to appoint an interim head coach until the end of the campaign as Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is not prepared to walk out on the Dutch giants mid-season. (Kicker) 
Faith in Unai Emery is fading fast but he doesn't help himself. Arsenal were leading Wolves late in the game at the Emirates Stadium when he replaced Lucas Torreira with the more attack-minded Bukayo Saka. Within three minutes, Wolves had equalised. Another lead lost and another two points dropped. The pressure is building.  Arsenal let lead slip against Wolves'Emery is done at Arsenal now'Arsenal: No Mourinho meetingArsenal supporters have taken a hammering over the past week as the fall-out from Granit Xhaka's substitution against Crystal Palace rumbled on, but they are entitled to feel frustrated with this decision. The coach's call opened the game up and his team paid the price. Despite his insistence that the tactics were correct, Emery continues to confuse.Is he helping Arsenal or is he hindering?Some of the stats are damning.The Gunners conceded 25 shots against Wolves, the most that any Premier League team has faced in front of their own fans this season or last. It is the most that any Arsenal team have ever conceded in a Premier League match at the Emirates Stadium. And yet, it is still not as many as the 31 shots they faced at Watford recently - a Premier League high this season. Arsenal's defensive problems appear systemic.Of course, that is what is so awkward for Emery right now. Perhaps more than anything else, this was the issue that he had been recruited to address. The influence of a man with a reputation for tactical awareness was supposed to be swift given the tales of Arsene Wenger's apparent unwillingness to focus too much on the opposition's strengths.Arsenal's struggles under Emery are often compared to the decline of Manchester United since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement but the circumstances were different. Ferguson left United on top. The only way was down. Wenger was dispensed with because there was genuine hope and expectation that the club could kick on under another coach.Instead, Arsenal are defending worse than ever before. Surprisingly, even at the start of this decade, long after the title wins under Wenger had come to an end, Arsenal consistently conceded fewer shots than any other team. There was a decline - they ranked sixth for fewest shots faced in four of his final five seasons in charge, but never worse than that. Never anything like what is happening now under Emery.Ten teams faced fewer shots than Arsenal in the Spaniard's first year in charge. So far this season, only Aston Villa and Norwich have allowed their opponents more efforts on goal.Arsenal are now alarmingly easy to play against. That was all too evident on Saturday when Wolves, a team happier playing on the counter-attack, seemed surprised by how much they were encouraged to advance right from the outset. Almost reluctantly, they accepted the invitation and Nuno Espirito Santo was entitled to claim afterwards that by the end of the match they looked the more likely winner.Arsenal are not a team equipped to sit in and defend - certainly not without Torreira. It was Dani Ceballos who allowed Joao Moutinho to run into the space behind him from the throw-in from which Wolves scored but should he even have been marking him? A midfield of Ceballos, Saka, Matteo Guendouzi and Mesut Ozil is hardly designed to protect.But what is this Arsenal team designed to do now? They are certainly not a pressing team. Manchester City top the stats for high turnovers - possession sequences that start within 40 metres of the opposition goal. Arsenal are bottom half. Liverpool top the stats for pressed sequences - where the opponent has three or fewer passes within 40 metres of their goal before losing it. Again, Arsenal are bottom half.Perhaps as a result of this inability to win the ball back quickly or sustain attacks high up the field, Arsenal aren't a passing team either under Emery.They are playing fewer passes than at any time in the past decade. This feels important because, according to Opta's advanced metrics, it is now a key point of difference between them and the teams that are above them in the Premier League table.In terms of sequences of ten passes or more, Arsenal are way behind the current top four in the Premier League, who also happen to have had more of these sequences than the rest. It is not a coincidence. While there are many different styles of play, ball domination is a common trait among the best teams and Arsenal appear to have given it up.Emery's team have played fewer passes than Brighton this season and in terms of these lengthy pass sequences they are closer to them and Norwich than the teams they are looking to overhaul. It is a bitter irony for supporters given that Emery has replaced the man who did more than anyone else to introduce this style of football to the English game.Emery was brought in to change things - but not like this. If Arsenal are anything now they are a counter-attacking team. They top the Premier League for fast breaks and no team has had more direct attacks - open-play sequences that start inside their own half, progress quickly to the opposition goal and culminate in a shot or a touch in the opposition box. This is Arsenal now but it is not working for them.\"The key was to have more clear chances,\" said Emery in his press conference after the game. He was right. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's goal was the only clear opening that Arsenal fashioned on Saturday and even that finish was more difficult than it looked given that the ball's path was slightly diverted by Leander Dendoncker's outstretched leg. Aubameyang can be relied upon to take such chances - 50 goals in 78 appearances reveals that much - but Arsenal are not creating enough of them. The team did not manage a shot on target during the final hour of the game against Wolves, making something of a mockery of Emery's suggestion that his team deserved more.It is a trend. Arsenal are creating fewer big chances than at any point in the past decade. Far from being unfortunate, the underlying numbers suggest that the reality of the club's current plight might be worse than the table suggests. Arsenal's net expected goals total is negative.Put simply, the chances they offer up are better than the ones they have. That is not sustainable but is it solvable?For all the flaws in this squad, what's adding to the pressure on Emery is the sense that it is. This is not just about the isolated decisions like the substitution on Saturday. This is about the overarching feeling at Arsenal that there is plenty there for him to work with. The chemistry between Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette is a weapon that's the envy of many Premier League managers. Gabriel Martinelli has huge promise. As does Nicolas Pepe. Another coach might have done much more to get the best from Ozil too. Give those attacking options a proper platform from which to play and Arsenal really should excite.Guendouzi and Torreira are popular young midfielders, while the full-backs Hector Bellerin and Kieran Tierney are fit again. That leaves the centre-backs and the perennial lack of a genuine holding midfielder. Problems, no doubt. But with defensive organisation seen as easier to coach than attacking cohesion, it should not be beyond Emery.Unfortunately, the demand for more time to find a way to correct these failings only makes sense if progress - however glacial - is actually being made. The problem for Emery is that the statistics tell a different story, one that feels all too familiar for the Arsenal supporters. This is a team that is still getting worse. And Emery does not appear to be helping.
Chelsea's appeal against a transfer ban by FIFA for breaking rules to sign youth players from abroad will be heard on November 20 at the Court of Arbitration for Sport. CAS announced the hearing date on Monday, with a verdict due before the January transfer window.Chelsea served the first half of their one-year ban - imposed in February - on registering new players during the summer transfer window.The club did not seek to freeze the FIFA sanction while preparing the appeal to CAS.FIFA's disciplinary and appeal committees have said Chelsea violated 150 rules protecting minors from trafficking, in cases involving about 70 players.Chelsea were also judged to have broken rules prohibiting third-party influence on players. FIFA imposed a fine of &#163;470,000.The club has denied wrongdoing, but were unsuccessful in overturning the decision when they presentedtheir case to FIFA's appeals committee in April.
