Chris Smalling has rediscovered his game in Italy this season, but can he revive his Manchester United and England career? The 29-year-old has become Roma's cornerstone during the first part of his season-long loan and turned into the Serie A side's defensive leader, marshalling his back-line partners and drawing widespread praise for his influence on team-mates.Smalling has adapted swiftly to Italian football since his debut in September, cementing his spot in the starting line-up while starring in domestic charts for effective clearances, tackles won and passing accuracy for a defender.Sky Sports News understands Manchester United expect him to return to the club in the summer and have received no bids from Roma to make the move permanent, although the Italian club remain keen on that, according to Sky in Italy.Here, we analyse how the United man got back to his best in an idyllic start to life in Italy and evaluate whether Gareth Southgate can afford to overlook him for Euro 2020...'This is the perfect type of football for me'Ahead of Smalling's arrival in the Italian capital, United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer pointed out that not many English players have the guts to leave the safe haven of the Premier League to try their luck in a foreign country.\"Watching Serie A over the years, one of the top leagues alongside the Premier League, and being able to come and experience that - and at such a big club as well - it was the perfect opportunity for me,\" said the defender in his first interview.Smalling had no need to readjust his playing style on his debut in Paulo Fonseca's high defensive line against Atalanta. A man-of-the-match performance in Lecce was backed up by a clean sheet at Sampdoria and a win against AC Milan. Then, he impressively kept Udinese's attack at bay in a 4-0 away win despite Federico Fazio's 31st-minute dismissal, scoring his first goal for the club on top of that.  Fonseca makes playing out from the back a central feat of his game. He places serious trust in his defence's comfort in possession, especially when under pressure, and has found in Smalling his team's offensive move initiator. The Englishman's sense of position and power in the air had a massive stabilising effect on a team that last season was suffering from alarming defensive fragility.Since Smalling's introduction, Roma have conceded seven goals in eight league games, one fewer than what they managed without him in their first four outings. He remains only one of two Serie A defenders who have yet to be dribbled past this season. His confidence in the process makes him look increasingly at home in the Italian top flight.From the defender's point of view, in a time where his performances had come under even harder scrutiny due to United's recent underachievements, a move to Serie A was a win-win. He has broadened his horizons and learned a different approach to defending, while his team-mates have likewise benefited from his vast Premier League experience to perfect their movement on the pitch. Mert Cetin, a summer signing who was playing in Turkey's second division, thrived under Smalling's wing on his victorious debut against top-four rivals Napoli. \"I like to push up high, play high up the pitch, and the manager wants us to be high,\" Smalling told Roma's club website. \"I am a defender that likes to defend on the front foot so I think this is the perfect type of football for me.\"'He has won over the Roma fans' Sky in Italy's Roma correspondent Angelo Mangiante said: \"The public at Roma has a lot of expectations, but they started appreciating Smalling immediately. He has won over the fans' credit and consensus - that is very important and I assure you that it's not easy to do it this quickly. When new signings fail to convince, people start clamouring and also whistling. But he took up a role as the defensive leader immediately.\"He settled in very well in the changing room, which is very international. Roma have always considered him as 'untouchable', they were convinced that he would have been a starter week in, week out. Smalling knew that he would have improved his game with the Italian school placing a lot of emphasis on defending, and was convinced that through Roma he would have had a chance to reconquer the national team. \"Roma don't play a conventional style of Italian football. Fonseca's backline is very high, and Smalling is very quick and good at recoveries. He's playing like a great defender and a leader with personality - even when Roma lost to Parma on Sunday he was the best. He's in full growth, since he arrived at Roma he has never played a bad game, never. This proves it's the type of football that suits him most.\"Now he is learning Italian and I believe that is a sign that he is keen to stay. He was always very professional in his interviews, saying his future is in the hands of 'his club' - United - and Roma. He took up the number 6 shirt, which was retired for a period after legendary defender Aldair left the club, but I believe he can follow his footsteps and at 29 years of age, he has everything it takes to be a mainstay at Roma for the next four seasons.\" Euro 2020 beckoning?Smalling's last England call-up came in October 2017 for the World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania and Slovenia, before being dropped in November that year due to concerns over his passing ability. \"We want to play in a certain way,\" said Southgate at the time.It was also the then-Manchester United man's inconsistent performances that failed to earn him a return to St George's Park, but it now feels like he's in a much better position to force his way back into Southgate's plans. It's not just the 10 Roma appearances full of consistency: Smalling ranks in the league's top 10 most accurate passers, something which is likely to catch Southgate's eye.The England boss has yet to start the same back-line in consecutive games since the end of the World Cup in Russia, and has picked 12 different players to start at centre-back during his tenure. In the past couple of months, some defensive frailties have been exposed with England shipping five goals over two qualifiers against Kosovo and Czech Republic. The spot at centre-back alongside Harry Maguire remains very much up for grabs - with Joe Gomez, Michael Keane and Tyrone Mings getting opportunities to stake their claims. Fikayo Tomori is a new face in the camp and John Stones has been given a new chance after the Nations League finals in June, but while Southgate admitted Smalling is still on his radar, he says there is \"no point\" in calling him up now.\"We will monitor that,\" said Southgate. \"It's important, whenever players are playing abroad, we've got to be across it. It's good from Chrissy's point of view that he's settled as well as he has, having left Manchester United.\"There's opportunity, but it wasn't one we thought of for this month. There's no point bringing Chris in - he has a lot of caps, and if we were bringing him in, it would be to play. It wasn't a consideration - for this time.\"The tables have turned this season. Smalling, who at 29 is arguably in his prime as a centre-half, is now back on par with England's finest defenders on current form. If he manages to maintain the consistency he has shown in Italy so far, Southgate will have little choice but to consider him as a potentially central piece of the England jigsaw for next summer.
Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker&#8217;s agent Mino Raiola, plus more from Tuesday's European press. Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyJuventus are interested in Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong and may make an approach for the 19-year-old in January when his contract at Old Trafford will have just six months to run. (CalcioMercato) Milan are interested in Everton striker Moise Kean and have spoken to the striker's agent Mino Raiola about a potential move in January. The 19-year-old has failed to score in his four Premier League appearances since his move from Juventus. (CalcioMercato) Roma have offered Lorenzo Pellegrini a new contract amid interest from Tottenham. The midfielder's current deal contains a &#163;25m release clause which the Serie A club want to remove. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to submit an offer of around &#163;35m to Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland and will also make a move for his Norway team-mate Sander Berge, who is valued at &#163;17m by Genk. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus and AC Milan are prepared to rival Inter Milan in the race to sign Dries Mertens. The Napoli forward's contract expires next summer and could be available for a cut-price fee in January. (Il Mattino)SpainBarcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and will open talks with the Brazilian in January over a free transfer to the Camp Nou next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid winger Lucas Vazquez turned down approaches from Manchester United, Arsenal and Bayern Munich this summer as he didn't want to leave the Spanish capital. (Cadena Ser) Paris Saint-Germain are interested in Real Madrid star Vinicius Junior and could make an offer for the Brazilian next summer or demand the 19-year-old is included in any potential deal for Kylian Mbappe. (Sport) Former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz has been offered to Espanyol by Real Madrid as the La Liga giants attempt to trim their squad. (Sport) Ivan Rakitic is unhappy with his lack of first-team football at Barcelona. \"I've had the ball taken away from me and I'm sad about it,\" he said. \"What I want is to continue having fun, that's the most important thing. I can only have fun by playing.\" (Movistar+)GermanyBayern Munich will attempt to lure Pep Guardiola back to the club next summer as the Manchester City boss is no longer happy at the Etihad Stadium. However, it's believed the Catalan coach will take an international job when he leaves City. (Sport Bild)  The other two frontrunners to take charge at the Allianz Arena on a permanent basis are Paris Saint-Germain head coach Thomas Tuchel and Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. (Sport Bild) Borussia Dortmund want to sign a striker in January and have looked into potential deals for Chelsea's Olivier Giroud, Juventus' Mario Mandzukic and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who will leave LA Galaxy next month. (Bild) FranceReal Madrid have prepared a package of &#163;340m to secure the signing of Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. (Le Parisien) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.ItalyCristiano Ronaldo will meet with Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici and vice-chairman Pavel Nedved after the international break and will face questions as to why he left the stadium after being substituted in the club's 1-0 victory over Milan. (Gazzetta dello Sport) The Juventus squad also expect an apology from the Portugal forward, who will not be fined by the Serie A side. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Napoli are prepared to sell Kalidou Koulibaly next summer if they receive a substantial offer for the centre-back. President Aurelio De Laurentiis plans to overhaul the squad with Dries Mertens, Jose Callejon, Lorenzo Insigne, Allan, Elseid Hysaj and Faouzi Ghoulam also set to depart. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Inter Milan will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud, Genoa forward Christian Kouame and SPAL defender Andrea Petagna in January as the club attempt to provide Antonio Conte with reinforcements to challenge for the title. (Tuttosport)  Milan, meanwhile, after interested in Manchester United target Mario Mandzukic and could make an offer to Napoli for Dries Mertens. (Tuttosport) Tottenham are interested in Roma midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini and could make an offer for the Italian in January if they are able to sell Christian Eriksen. (CalcioMercato) SpainNeymar would still like to leave Paris Saint-Germain and rejoin Barcelona and has reiterated that desire to key members of the La Liga champions' dressing room. (Mundo Deportivo)  Diego Simeone would like Atletico Madrid to sign Edinson Cavani when the striker's contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires at the end of the season. (AS) Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo is happy to remain at Real Madrid for the entirety of his career. \"I love Madrid: the weather, the lifestyle, it reminds me of S&#227;o Paulo. If I can, I would stay here for a lifetime.\" (AS) FranceRiyad Mahrez has revealed he wanted joined Arsenal in 2016 after helping Leicester City win the Premier League. He said: \"Leicester blocked it. They said to me, 'You shall not leave.' My agent had spoken with (Arsene) Wenger who really wanted me, it was nearly done with Arsenal.\" (France Football)  Manchester United and Atletico Madrid are prepared to rival Barcelona in the race to sign Rennes wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga. The 17-year-old has starred for the Ligue 1 side this season and could cost in excess of &#163;30m. (L'Equipe) Switzerland Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, who was stripped of the club captaincy last week, expects to complete a move to AC Milan when the transfer window reopens. (RSI) 
Italy boss Roberto Mancini says he will call up Brescia striker Mario Balotelli on merit, and not to send out a message against racism. The former Liverpool and Manchester City striker kicked the ball towards opposition fans who targeted him with racist abuse during Brescia's Serie A game at Verona earlier this month.Balotelli later thanked team-mates and fans for their solidarity, although Brescia fans released a statement labelling him as \"arrogant\" in the incident which led to the head of a Verona supporters' group being handed an 11-year stadium ban for racist comments about the Brescia forward.Last week, Italian FA president Gabriele Gravina said he would like to see Balotelli back in the national team as \"the picture of Mario together with all his team-mates would be very nice to see\", but Mancini, who coached the striker at Inter and Manchester City, says he is still not worthy of a call-up.\"Football and sport in general have to unite people, and not destroy all the good things that have been done, for a handful of people that regrettably make these mistakes,\" said Mancini on Monday.\"Mario is a player I have affection for because I played him when he was a kid, he still is in a good age to do a lot of things, but for me it's important that if he does earn a recall, it's because he is performing well and he can be useful to the team. \"Then, it's clear that in moments like that [the racism incident], people like the President [of the Italian FA] can think that he can get a call-up because&#8230; [they want to send a message], but you have to understand the real reasons behind it.\"Maybe there will be other opportunities to call him up, but it will be because he will deserve it, technically speaking. This is the most important thing. It's clear that [the racism incident] is a different situation, but it seems to me that people have a hard time understanding these things. We're almost in 2020, and we still argue about skin colour.\"Balotelli made his return to the Italy national team in May 2018, scoring in a 2-1 friendly win against Saudi Arabia in Mancini's first game in charge, but has not made an appearance since a Nations League game against Poland the following September.The Azzurri have secured qualification to Euro 2020 with two games to spare thanks to a 2-0 win over Greece in October, topping Group J with eight wins out of eight games played.Mancini's side will be looking to retain a perfect qualifying record when they take on Bosnia and Herzegovina on Friday night before their last qualifier against Armenia on Monday night, both live on Sky Sports Football.
Paulo Dybala replaced Cristiano Ronaldo and scored the winner as Juventus beat AC Milan 1-0 on Sunday to move back to the top of Serie A. Ronaldo was substituted in the 55th minute and left the game before the final whistle at the Allianz Stadium, according to Sky in Italy.AC Milan had the better of the chances but substitute Dybala scored 13 minutes from time to secure victory for the eight-time defending champions.Juventus restored their one-point advantage over Inter Milan in the Serie A standings after Antonio Conte's side's 2-1 win over Hellas Verona on Saturday.AC Milan arrived at Allianz Stadium with just one win in their last four matches but forced Juventus goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny into several tough saves in the first half.Ronaldo has struggled with a knee injury recently and was substituted for the second straight match early in the second half. The Portugal international did not look happy and walked straight down the tunnel.But the substitution was to pay off when Dybala collected the ball from Gonzalo Higuain, dribbled his way into the area and fired into the bottom left corner.AC Milan slip to 14th, just four points off the relegation zone. La Liga: Morata rescues Atletico Atletico Madrid were heading for another disappointment on Sunday before Alvaro Morata came to his side's rescue again.The striker provided the spark Atletico needed after his team fell behind against Espanyol thanks to Sergi Darder's long-range effort, which increased the pressure on Atletico following their three-match winless run and victories by Spanish league leaders Barcelona and Real Madrid on Saturday.Morata led Atletico's rally with an assist to Angel Correa's goal just before half-time. He then scored his sixth goal in as many matches after the break to put the team back on top before Koke sealed the 3-1 victory in injury time.The home win moved Atletico to third place with 24 points, one point behind Barcelona and Madrid, who both have a game in hand.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableSevilla also kept the pressure up at the top by beating Real Betis 2-1 in the Seville derby.Lucas Ocampos and Luuk de Jong scored for the visitors, while Betis got on the board through Loren Morn.It was Sevilla's first win after two consecutive league draws. Betis, coming off a draw at Real Madrid, dropped to 17th place, just outside the relegation zone.Elsewhere, Japanese teenager Takefusa Kubo, who is on loan from Real Madrid, scored his first Spanish league goal on Sunday, leading Mallorca to its first win in four matches with a 3-1 home win against Villarreal.Athletic Bilbao came from behind to defeat Levante 2-1 to stay five points off the lead, in sixth place, while seventh-place Getafe drew 0-0 at home with 10th-place Osasuna.Bundesliga: Monchengladbach clear at top, Freiburg controversy Borussia Monchengladbach remained clear at the Bundesliga summit after beating Werder Bremen but it was Freiburg's home win over Eintracht Frankfurt that created the headlines.Freiburg were on course for a 1-0 victory and a share of second place when, deep into stoppage time, controversy struck as Frankfurt captain David Abraham barged over home coach Christian Streich, sparking a mass melee involving both teams. The 54-year-old Streich, standing in his technical area, was knocked onto his back after Abraham caught him with his shoulder as he ran off the pitch in pursuit of the ball.Abraham was subsequently sent off despite remonstrating with the referee, as was Freiburg midfielder Vincenzo Grifo - who had earlier been substituted - for his role in the ugly touchline fracas.That took the number of red cards in the match to three, with Frankfurt having also lost Gelson Fernandes on the stroke of half-time to a second booking.The only goal of the game was scored by Nils Petersen in the 77th minute, the Germany striker drilling home a first-time finish for his fourth goal in his last three league matches.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesPetersen's goal saw Freiburg move level in second with Bayern Munich and RB Leipzig, who both won on Saturday, but Monchengladbach remained four points clear with their 3-1 victory over Bremen.Two goals in quick succession from Ramy Bensebaini and Patrick Herrmann midway through the first half set Monchengladbach on course.Herrmann's second just before the hour mark made it 3-0 and although the hosts saw Bensebaini sent off and Leonardo Bittencourt pull a goal back for Bremen late on, Marco Rose's men had done enough.Also on Sunday, Bayer Leverkusen beat Wolfsburg 2-0 to pick up their first Bundesliga win in five matches and climb up to eighth.Karim Bellarabi gave Leverkusen a 25th-minute lead and Paulinho settled the contest late on as Wolfsburg suffered a fourth successive defeat in all competitions.Ligue 1: Payet double inspires Marseille Dimitri Payet scored twice as Marseille won 2-1 against Lyon in Ligue 1 despite the second-half dismissal of Alvaro Gonzalez.Payet put Marseille two goals to the good at half-time, first with a penalty and then a clinical finish as he was involved three times in a rapid counter-attack.The second half saw a delay of around five minutes as thick fog descended on the Stade Velodrome but Moussa Dembele pulled one back after an error from Gonzalez, who was then shown a straight red card for a professional foul on the ex-Celtic striker.But the 10 men held on as Martin Terrier's effort in the 90th minute flashed millimetres wide and Jason Denayer's header was easily saved.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableSt Etienne climbed to fourth place with a 3-2 win at Nantes.The hosts led twice, through Ludovic Blas and Imran Louza, but Miguel Trauco equalised on the first occasion and Denis Bouanga's brace secured victory for Claude Puel's side.Montpellier are sixth after an emphatic 3-0 win over Toulouse.Andy Delort's sublime chip was disallowed for offside but he neatly created Gaetan Laborde's eventual opener just before half-time and victory was secured in the second half by Damien Le Tallec's header and Teji Savanier's long-range strike.Rennes came from behind to beat Amiens in the day's other game.Sehrou Guirassy gave the visitors the lead after Gael Kakuta's clever flick but Adrien Hunou quickly bundled home an equaliser.M'Baye Niang's close-range finish and Raphinha's penalty, awarded by VAR, settled the match in the second half.
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.FranceChelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante could finish his career at Stamford Bridge. \"I am at Chelsea until 2023 and in my head, I hope to continue to have great seasons with Chelsea.\" (Telefoot) Marco Verratti is happy to spend the remainder of his career at Paris Saint-Germain. \"People say to me, 'Why not try another club?' It's because for me [at PSG], it's always like the first day. I want to help the team and winning here is different from winning with another team.\" (Telefoot) Barcelona are interested in Rennes' midfielder Eduardo Camavinga but would have to pay around &#163;35m for the 16-year-old who starred against Paris Saint-Germain earlier this season. (L'Equipe) ItalyCristiano Ronaldo left the Juventus Stadium before the final whistle against Milan after he was visibly irritated at being substituted in the 55th minute for Paulo Dybala, who scored the home side's late winner. (Sky Italia) Gonzalo Higuain is set to sign a contract extension with Juventus. The Serie A giants wanted to sell the striker after failed loan moves at Milan and Chelsea but the striker has impressed this term and sporting director Fabio Paratici says his form will be rewarded. (Sky Italia)  Milan will attempt to sell Franck Kessie in January after the midfielder was left out of the squad to face Juventus. The Rossoneri hope to raise up to &#163;30m from the sale of the 22-year-old with Monaco and Wolves interested. (Gazzetta dello Sport) SpainAyoze Perez turned down a move to Valencia in order to join Leicester City in the summer. \"It's true Valencia were interested and I was tempted to move back to Spain,\" he said. \"But Leicester offered me an ambitious project and I would play an important role.\" (ABC) West Ham United are interested in Real Betis defender Aissa Mandi and could make an offer for the centre-back, who has a &#163;25m buyout clause, in January. (Estadio Deportivo)  Thibaut Courtois insists he never doubted himself during his time at Real Madrid. \"I know what I am worth, I always have done,\" the goalkeeper, who hasn't conceded a goal in 533 minutes said. \"I never lost my confidence and I feel good.\" (Marca) Belgium Michy Batshuayi would like to start more games for Chelsea but is prepared to wait for his chance under Frank Lampard. \"I am frustrated,\" he admitted.\"You want to play football but the decision is made. I just give the maximum and try to show the 'boss' that I am ready.\" (Het Laatste Nieuws) 

The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs and agents over future deals. Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkSpainReal Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and could make an offer for the striker next summer when he will have just one year remaining on his contract. (El Desmarque)Manchester United are ready to make Tottenham an offer of &#163;42m in January to secure the signing of Christian Eriksen, whose contract expires next summer. (El Desmarque)Manchester United have watched Valencia trio Jose Gaya, Carlos Soler and Ferran Torres this season but it is left-back Gaya who is thought to be United's primary target and they could make an offer for the 24-year-old in January. (Deporte Valenciano)Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is frustrated with Zinedine Zidane's public courtship of Kylian Mbappe as he does not want the club's relationship with Paris Saint-Germain to suffer and put a future deal for the French star at risk. (El Confidencial)Real Madrid are prepared to offer Manchester United James Rodriguez as part of any deal for midfielder Paul Pogba. The French star is also wanted by Juventus. (El Desmarque) FrancePSV head coach Mark van Bommel is a surprise candidate on the list of names Bayern Munich are considering as their head coach. The former midfielder spent five years with the German giants. (L'Equipe)Thiago Silva and Edinson Cavani are both set to leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season when their contracts expire. (Le10Sport)Paris Saint-Germain can't afford to offer Kylian Mbappe a contract that puts him alongside Neymar as the club's top earner. The Brazilian receives around &#163;25m a year after tax and raising Mbappe to that level would see the club fall foul of FFP. (L'Equipe) ItalyNapoli midfielder Allan's future is uncertain after he was left out of the squad to face Genoa. The Brazilian was involved in a dressing-room disagreement with president Aurelio De Laurentiis over the decision to force the players into a week-long training camp. (Various)Krzysztof Piatek may look to move away from Milan and is open to a return to former club Genoa. The striker scored 19 goals in 21 games for Il Grifone to earn a &#163;30m to San Siro in January 2018 but has netted only 14 times since. (Corriere dello Sport)Roma are interested in Napoli full-back Elseid Hysaj but would have to pay around &#163;20m to sign the 25-year-old who has made only three first-team appearances this season. (Corriere dello Sport)HollandAjax head coach Erik ten Hag is very interested in taking charge at Bayern Munich but isn't prepared to join the Bundesliga champions until next summer. (De Telegraaf)
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus are prepared to offer Manchester United cash and one of Mario Mandzukic, Blaise Matuidi, Emre Can or Daniele Rugani to secure the signing of Paul Pogba in January. (Tuttosport)Inter Milan will target Olivier Giroud, Dejan Kulusevski and Matteo Darmian when the transfer window reopens. Giroud is prepared to play deputy to Romelu Lukaku and Lautaro Martinez at San Siro. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli's Brazilian midfielder Allan was involved in a heated dressing-room exchange with club president Aurelio De Laurentiis after their 1-1 draw with Red Bull Salzburg and could now be sold. (Corriere dello Sport)SpainLiverpool were interested in Brazilian wonderkid Rodrygo before he completed a &#163;40m move to Real Madrid. \"There was strong interest from Liverpool when he was in the lower categories and he wanted to go, but the offer was too low,\" former Santos coach Elano revealed. (AS)Luis Suarez will move to MLS when he leaves Barcelona according to Uruguay team-mate and Seattle Sounders midfielder Nicolas Lodeiro. \"He wants to join MLS,\" he said. \"I think it's only a matter of time before he's here.\" (Sport)Barcelona defender Jean-Clair Todibo could leave the Nou Camp in the January transfer window. The 19-year-old centre-back has made just four first-team appearances since joining from Toulouse. (El Desmarque)Germany Massimiliano Allegri could take charge at Bayern Munich after the Bundesliga club ruled out appointing Arsene Wenger. The former Arsenal boss offered his services to Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on Wednesday but was told he wasn't on their shortlist. (Bild)Alternatively, Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag is the Bundesliga champions' top candidate and they may keep faith in interim boss Hansi Flick until next summer in order to land the Dutchman. (Sport1)FranceParis Saint-Germain may offer Neymar a new contract to extend his stay at the Parc des Princes. The Brazilian's current deal expires in 2022 and he is now content in the French capital after he failed to force through a move to Barcelona in the summer. (L'Equipe)


Real Sociedad went level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona after snatching a 2-1 victory away to fellow high-flyers Granada on Sunday thanks to a late strike from forward Cristian Portu. Portu had given the Basque side the lead midway through the first half, latching on to a pass from Mikel Oyarzabal and confidently finishing into the bottom corner after Granada lost possession inside their own half.Promoted Granada had fallen off the summit of the table in midweek after surprisingly leading the standings last weekend and had the chance to reclaim top spot after Barcelona, Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid had all failed to win on Saturday.They drew level in the 36th minute with an audacious long-range free-kick from Alvaro Vadillo, helped by some poor goalkeeping from Sociedad's Alex Remiro.But it was the visitors who struck in the 89th minute to steal all the points, as substitute Adnan Januzaj picked out Porto with a ground pass and the striker again showed real composure inside the area to score his second goal of the game.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableThe victory took Real Sociedad third on the standings on 22 points after 12 games, level with second-placed Real Madrid and leaders Barcelona, who both have a game in hand.Elsewhere, Eibar also picked up a late 2-1 win against Leganes, while in a topsy-turvy game that saw three converted penalties, Osasuna beat Alaves 4-2.Getafe beat Celta Vigo 1-0 while Real Valladolid cruised to a 3-0 win against Real Mallorca. Villarreal and Athletic Bilbao played out a goalless draw.Serie A: Balotelli faces racismMario Balotelli's most important kick on Sunday had nothing to do with the curling shot that he whipped into the top corner of the goal from beyond the box.Rather, it was the drop-kick the Brescia striker made moments earlier when he booted a ball high into the stands to express his frustration at racist chants from Hellas Verona fans.Balotelli then attempted to leave the field in the most high-profile incident yet in a Serie A season that has been marred by constant episodes of discrimination.Verona went ahead 2-0 before Balotelli scored for Brescia and the game ended 2-1.Lazio recorded their first away win against AC Milan in Serie A for 30 years to move fourth with a 2-1 victory at the San Siro.Ciro Immobile headed in his 100th goal for the capital club in the first half but the home side were soon level through a Bastos own goal.Serie A fixturesSerie A tableJoaquin Correa sealed the three points for Lazio with six minutes remaining to extend their unbeaten league run to six matches and move into the Champions League places.Quietly putting together a season that could be one to remember, Cagliari also moved into contention for the Champions League spots with a 2-0 win at 10-man Atalanta.An own-goal from Mario Pasalic and a goal from Christian Oliva moved Cagliari level on points with fourth-place Atalanta.Cagliari have not qualified for European competition in a quarter of a century since reaching the semi-finals of the 1994 UEFA Cup the competition which has since been renamed the Europa League.Elsewhere, Udinese won 3-1 at Genoa under interim coach Luca Gatti, who took over when Igor Tudor was fired Friday after the northeastern club conceded 11 goals in its previous two games.Lecce and Sassuolo drew 2-2 while Fiorentina were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Parma.Bundesliga: Schalke comeback beats Augsburg Schalke's Amine Harit scored an 82nd-minute winner as his team twice came from a goal down to beat hosts Augsburg 3-2 in the Bundesliga on Sunday and move level on points with fourth-placed Bayern Munich.Augsburg managed to score twice in the first half, once with captain Daniel Baier to take the lead in the 38th minute and another with Stephan Lichtsteiner's glancing header for an own goal on the stroke of half-time that brought Schalke level.Bayern part ways with KovacBundesliga fixturesBundesliga tableAlfred Finnbogason's well-taken penalty, awarded for a handball, put the hosts again in front on the hour but Schalke once more responded with Ozan Kabak's darting header from a Daniel Caligiuri free-kick 11 minutes later before Harit snatched the late winner.Elsewhere, Fortuna Dusseldorf beat Cologne 2-0 with Rouwen Hennings and Erik Thommy scoring.Ligue 1: Pressure eased on Vieira The pressure was growing on Nice coach Patrick Vieira after six matches without a win, so a 2-0 home victory in the French league against Reims on Sunday was timely.They were helped when visiting midfielder Moussa Doumbia was sent off in the 26th minute. Vieira's side quickly took advantage with midfielder Wylan Cyprien netting in the 32nd minute and defender Christophe Herelle getting the second shortly before the break.Ligue 1 fixturesLigue 1 tableNantes missed the chance to close the gap on leader Paris Saint-Germain to five points after losing 2-0 at Bordeaux.The loss dropped Nantes down to third place behind Angers, while Bordeaux improved to sixth with goals from Guinea forward Franois Kamano and South Korea striker Ui-Jo Hwang.St Etienne continued their resurgence under Claude Puel with a 1-0 win against Monaco thanks to Denis Bouanga's 59th-minute goal. The visitors ended the game with 10 men when substitute Ruben Aguilar was shown a straight red card in the final minutes.
Mario Balotelli kicked the ball towards opposition fans who targeted him with racist abuse during Brescia's Serie A game at Verona on Sunday. The former Liverpool and Manchester City striker had to be calmed down by team-mates and opposition players and convinced to stay on the pitch as he tried to storm off during the second half of the game at the Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.Referee Maurizio Mariani halted play in the 54th minute and a statement was read out on the PA system threatening a suspension of the game if the chants did not stop.Mariani also issued Balotelli with a yellow card for his reaction, although he later rescinded the sanction seeing the mood inside the stadium.The striker went on to score for Brescia, but his 85th-minute goal proved to be a consolation for the visitors as Verona held on to claim a 2-1 win.\"Thank you to every colleague, on the pitch and out, for the solidarity towards me and for all the messages received from you fans,\" said Balotelli in an Instagram post on Sunday night.\"A heartfelt thank you. You proved to be real men, not like who denied the obvious. #notoracism\"Balotelli's agent Mino Raiola also tweeted to condemn the abuse from Verona supporters, stating: \"We are with Mario, we are against all forms of racism, ignorant racists.\" Verona manager Ivan Juric denied witnessing any racist behaviour, saying he merely heard his supporters giving Balotelli some stick.\"I'm not afraid to say it, there was nothing today, no racist boos,\" Juric told Sky in Italy after the game. \"There were a lot of whistles and a lot of stick towards a great player, but today there was absolutely nothing racist. \"I've often been called a 'gypsy', the whole country is going towards this direction, but there was nothing today. Why did Balotelli react like that? You'll need to ask him, I've only heard stick but nothing more.\"I am disgusted by racist chants and I am the first to condemn them, but I've only heard stick today. Let's not talk about racism because it's a lie, let's not create a case when there is none.\"Verona fans were also accused of targeting AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie with racist chants earlier this season, something that the club has vehemently denied since. \"The boos to Kessie? Maybe someone was left dazed by the volume of the Verona fans,\" the club tweeted after the game in September.\"What did we hear? Inevitable boos for refereeing decisions that left us very perplexed once again, and then a big applause to our 'gladiators' at the end of the game.\"Let's not fall for these stereotypes. Respect for Verona and its people.\"Italian FA president Gabriele Gravina stated in October that Serie A is planning to start using VAR technology to identify perpetrators of racist chants in stadiums across the country.
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainJuventus are interested in signing James Rodriguez from Real Madrid next summer as Cristiano Ronaldo would like to be reunited with the Colombia international in Turin. (El Desmarque)Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has staunchly denied reports which claim he wants Gareth Bale to leave in January. He said: \"It's silly, nobody can take something out of my mouth that is false. I want Bale to stay here until the end of the season.\" (Marca) Al-Rayyan are interested in Real Madrid striker Mariano Diaz and could make a move for the forward in January. The Qatari side have previously failed in bids to sign Diego Costa from Atletico Madrid and Mario Mandzukic from Juventus. (AS) Lionel Messi would prefer Barcelona to appoint River Plate coach Marcelo Gallardo if the club decide to sack Ernesto Valverde this season. (Mundo Deportivo) GermanyArsene Wenger is now the frontrunner to take charge at Bayern Munich after Ralf Rangnick turned down the chance to hold talks with the club. (Sport Bild)  Bastian Schweinsteiger expects Jose Mourinho, who has been linked with the Bayern job, to work in the Bundesliga: \"I can imagine Mourinho in Germany. He always asked me questions about Bayern and the Bundesliga. He knew all the players, even the least known, and he's learned German.\" (Sport Bild) ItalyThe governing body of Italian football (FIGC) have applied to the International Football Association Board (IFAB) for Serie A clubs to be able to make five substitutions in league matches. (ANSA) Chelsea will rival Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid, Borussia Dortmund, Inter Milan and PSG in the race to sign Brazilian wonderkid Reinier from Flamengo. The 17-year-old has been dubbed a \"Kaka clone\" and has scored three goals in 10 games. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Manchester United have turned down Roma's initial approach to make Chris Smalling's loan move permanent. The Serie A club had hoped a bid of &#163;10m plus a further &#163;2.5m in add-ons would convince United to sell. (Gazzetta dello Sport) France Qatar Sports Investments, the organisation which owns Paris Saint-Germain, remain intent on buying a club in England and their focus is on Leeds United. QSI value the Championship side between &#163;50m-&#163;70m. (L'Equipe) Paris Saint-Germain boss Thomas Tuchel has turned down an approach from Bayern Munich to take charge of the Bundesliga giants, who are searching for a new head coach after Niko Kovac was sacked. (L'Equipe) 
The January transfer window is less than two months away and clubs across Europe will be identifying potential targets and holding talks with clubs over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from across the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will wait until next summer to replace head coach Ernesto Valverde. Current Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman is favourite to take charge at the Nou Camp. (Marca) Brazilian legend Ronaldo has revealed he looked into buying an English club before he invested in La Liga side Real Valladolid. \"I had looked in England, in the second division. The first one (the Premier League) was too expensive, and the second one was too.\" (AS) Barcelona are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to clinch the signing of Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz next summer but will face competition from Real Madrid and several Premier League sides. (Sport) Achraf Hakimi would like to return to Real Madrid when his two-year loan deal with Borussia Dortmund ends this summer. He said: \"Madrid is my home, I grew up there. I am in Borussia until the end of the season and then we'll see.\" (Cadena Ser)ItalyAC Milan will attempt to sell midfielder Franck Kessie in January. Wolverhampton Wanderers were linked with the 22-year-old in the summer and remain interested in the Ivory Coast international who is valued at &#163;21.5m. (Sport Mediaset) The Rossoneri would look to sign Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic to replace Kessie and will also target Udinese's Rodrigo de Paul when the transfer window reopens. (Sport Mediaset)  Inter Milan will look to improve their squad in January after Antonio Conte claimed he lacked the players capable of competing in Serie A and the Champions League. Inter will move for d=De Paul and will also target Genoa forward Christian Kouame. (Corriere dello Sport) GermanyBayern Munich have held talks with Arsene Wenger and would like to appoint the former Arsenal boss after this weekend's Bundesliga clash against Borussia Dortmund. (Bild)  Wenger, who would be appointed until the end of the season, would not look to bring his own coaching team to Bayern and would instead work with the staff currently overseeing the first-team at the Allianz Arena. (Bild)TurkeyChelsea winger Pedro is wanted by Fenerbahce. The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the season and he can speak to clubs outside of England about a summer move in January. (Takvim) Norwich are interested in Besiktas defender Domagoj Vida and could make an offer of around &#163;8.5m for the 30-year-old Croatia centre-back who was a Wolves target in the summer. (Sabah)FranceParis Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo is frustrated with Real Madrid's public pursuit of Kylian Mbappe. \"It annoys me a little,\" he said. \"He's a player who is under contract with us for another two-and-a-half years. Honestly, it's time to stop.\" (RMC Sport) 
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160;&#160; SpainGareth Bale wants to leave Real Madrid in January due to his poor relationship with manager Zinedine Zidane. The Welsh star has failed to hold down a regular starting role under the French coach. (AS) Bale's departure would allow Real Madrid to pursue a deal for either Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek or Tottenham star Christian Eriksen. (Mundo Deportivo) Kai Havertz would not rule out a move away from the Bundesliga when he leaves Bayer Leverkusen: \"I'm confident I could go abroad and play at clubs outside of Germany. For the moment, I want to have a good season. Afterwards, we'll see.\" (Marca)Las Palmas are interested in Barcelona midfielder Riqui Puig, who was wanted by Tottenham in the summer, and could make an offer to take the 19-year-old on loan in January. (Marca) ItalyJuventus, Real Madrid and Manchester United all hope to strike a deal with Red Bull Salzburg for striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old, who has scored 22 goals in 16 games this season, could cost in excess of &#163;85m. (Tuttosport) Sandro Tonali is also on Juventus' list of targets for next summer. The Brescia midfielder, who has been dubbed the new Pirlo, could cost in excess of &#163;50m. (Tuttosport) Bologna hope to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic in January if the Swedish striker is prepared to return to Serie A. \"The phone calls between the coach (Sinisa Mihajlovic) and Ibra are there and if he wants to return to Italy, we're ready,\" said sporting director Riccardo Bigon. (Radio Anch'io Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe a new contract worth almost &#163;700,000 a week after tax to keep him out of the clutches of Real Madrid of Barcelona. The French forward's current deal expires in the summer of 2022. (Le Parisien)Mauro Icardi does not want to return to Inter Milan and hopes his loan move to PSG will be made permanent. \"To play for PSG is massive, it's one of the best clubs in the world. I'll do everything I can to stay. I need to show what I've got on the pitch.\" (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich may look to appoint an interim head coach until the end of the campaign as Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is not prepared to walk out on the Dutch giants mid-season. (Kicker) 
Bayern Munich sit four points off the top of the Bundesliga after a 5-1 thrashing at the hands of Eintracht Frankfurt. Eintracht punished the Bundesliga champions, who had Germany international Jerome Boateng sent off after just nine minutes.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesFilip Kostic and Djibril Sow scored first-half goals for the dominant hosts, and while Robert Lewandowski pulled one back for Bayern before half-time, Eintracht steam-rollered their illustrious opponents in a relentless second 45 minutes.David Abraham, Martin Hinteregger and Goncalo Paciencia put Bayern to the sword, lifting Eintracht up to sixth place, just one point off their fourth-placed opponents who now sit a further fourth points adrift of league leaders Monchengladbach.Borrussia Dortmund held on to second place with a 3-0 win over Wolfsburg. Thorgan Hazard, Raphael Guerreiro and Mario Gotze with the goals.La Liga: Barca badly beaten, Real fail to capitaliseBarcelona risk sacrificing top spot in La Liga after they were humbled by mid-table Levante's second-half comeback, going down 3-1.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLionel Messi opened the scoring with a first-half penalty but three goals inside 10 minutes gave Levante the lead against the Spanish champions.Jose Campana equalised and Borja Mayoral gave Levante the lead just two minutes later. A shell-shocked Barcelona then conceded a third five minutes after and the Valencia-based side held on for a famous win.Real Madrid missed the chance to make the most of Barcelona's shock 3-1 defeat at Levante as Real Betis battled to a goalless draw at Santiago Bernabeu.Eden Hazard's early effort was ruled out for offside at the start of what proved to be a frustrating night for Real Madrid, who found Betis goalkeeper Joel Robles in good form.Atletico Madrid were also held by Sevilla. Both sides are neck and neck with 21 points each, and couldnt be separated over 90 minutes. Sevilla took the lead through Franco Vazquez before former Chelsea man Alvaro Morata hit a second half equaliser.Serie A: Lukaku hits double as Inter go topFormer Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku hit a stoppage-time penalty as Inter beat Bologna 2-1 to leapfrog Juventus and go top of Serie A.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesRoberto Soriano put Bologna in front in the second half, but Lukaku hit back with an equaliser 15 minutes from time and struck again late on with a well-taken penalty to give his side all three points.Elsewhere, Roma made it three wins in a row and go third with an impressive win over fellow contenders Napoli.Nicolo Zaniolo broke the deadlock in the first half before a Jordan Veretout penalty doubled Roma's lead.And while Arkadiusz Milik hit back in the second half, an impressive backline including Chris Smalling held on for the win despite the stoppage-time dismissal of centre-back Mert Cetin.
There's less than two months to go until the January transfer window opens for business. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkSpainBarcelona will allow midfielder Carles Alena, who has recently been linked with Tottenham, to leave on loan in January. (Mundo Deportivo)Another midfielder who had looked set to leave the Camp Nou was Arturo Vidal. However, after scoring against Real Valladolid in midweek the Chilean started Saturday's 3-1 loss at Levante and is understood to have moved up coach Ernesto Valverde's pecking order. (Marca)Barca coach Valverde is adamant he will not walk away after seeing his side lose for the third time in La Liga already this season. \"I'm not thinking of resigning,\" he said. The Blaugrana remain top of the table on goal difference. (Sport)Ajax's Netherlands U17 international Naci Unuvar insists he is focused on the U17 World Cup taking place in Brazil, rather than Barcelona's reported interest in him.\"I am flattered by Barca's interest but right now I am only thinking about the World Cup,\" the 16-year-old attacker said. \"The messages from Barca, right now, take second place. I am completely focused on this competition.\" (Sport)ItalyBayern Munich still retain a keen interest in Manchester City winger Leroy Sane but will only offer &#163;69m. (Calciomercato) AC Milan will revive their interest in Juventus defender Daniele Rugani after failing to bring the Italian to San Siro in the summer. The 25-year-old has previously been linked with Arsenal. (Calciomercato)Liverpool have joined Chelsea and Borussia Dortmund in watching Hertha Berlin's Dutch winger Jaivaro Dilrosun. The 21-year-old has three goals and two assists in the Bundesliga this season. (Calciomercato)Internazionale are planning for life without goalkeeper and captain Samir Handanovic. Udinese keeper Juan Musso and Ionat Radu, on loan at Genoa from Inter, are under consideration to succeed the 35-year-old. (Tuttosport)GermanyBayern Munich's decision to cancel Sunday's open training session has nothing to do with the future of under-pressure coach Niko Kovac following Saturday's 5-1 humbling at Eintracht Frankfurt. (Sport1) FranceParis Saint-Germain defender Marquinhos in close to signing a contract extension with the French champions which will take him beyond 2022. (Le10Sport) Former Juventus boss Max Allegri remains an option to replace Thomas Tuchel at Paris Saint-Germain following Friday's shock 2-1 defeat at Dijon. (Le Parisien)PSG could accelerate plans to sign Juventus right-back Mattia De Sciglio from the Italian champions in January after Abdou Diallo's unconvincing display there against Dijon. (Le Parisien)On the left-hand side of defence, PSG would like Layvin Kurzawa to leave in January - six months before his contract is due to end - and will reinvest any money they recoup for the former Monaco left-back. (Le Parisien)RomaniaSteaua Bucharest coach Bogdan Vintila has confirmed Manchester City's interest in Romanian winger Florinel Coman. \"There were discussions with some people for Coman. It was about Florinel Coman being bought by a club owned by City,\" Vintila said. \"Anything is possible. Coman has quality. Maybe he can get to City. I say he can cope there. Maybe, because it's harder to adapt there, but otherwise, the team also helps.\" (Digisport)

Clubs across Europe can't sign players for another two months but that won't stop sides from identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyManchester City had a bid for Juventus midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur rejected in the summer but the Premier League champions remain interested in the Argentina international who is also wanted by Barcelona. (Corriere dello Sport)AC Milan are prepared to make an offer for Liverpool centre-back Dejan Lovren in January. The Serie A giants were interested in the Croatian international in the summer but were put off by the Reds' &#163;20m valuation. (Tuttosport)Juventus are prepared to offer Red Bull Salzburg &#163;35m for striker Erling Haaland and the striker's agent Mino Raiola is already working on a deal to take the 19-year-old to Turin. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Inter Milan could give Barcelona a first option on either Stefano Sensi, Lautaro Martinez or Milan Skriniar if the La Liga giants are prepared let Arturo Vidal join the Italian club on loan in January. (Tuttosport)GermanyManchester City want Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho and are prepared to pay over &#163;100m to re-sign the 19-year-old who left the club in the summer of 2017. However, they will face competition from Real Madrid and Barcelona. (Sport Bild)Liverpool, Bayern Munich and Barcelona are all interested in Valencia's 19-year-old winger Ferran Torres. The Spain Under-21 international's contract expires in 2021 and he could be available for a cut-price fee next summer. (Sport Bild)Bayern Munich are interested in Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino and could look to replace Niko Kovac with the Argentine coach. (Sport1)Schalke sporting director Jochen Schneider would like to keep Everton loanee Jonjoe Kenny at the club beyond this season: \"We're happy that we have him, not only as a player but as a person he suits Schalke. I hope we will have the chance to keep him longer.\" (Sport Bild)France Emre Can wants to leave Juventus and join Paris Saint-Germain. The Germany international was omitted from Juve's Champions League squad this season and has started just once under Maurizio Sarri. (Soccer Link)Marco Verratti has agreed a three-year extension to his contract at Paris Saint-Germain which will keep him at the French club until 2024. The Italian midfielder has been a long-term target for Barcelona but a move to the Camp Nou has never come to fruition. (Various)
Manchester United have received no bids for Chris Smalling from Roma, Sky Sports News understands.  The defender is spending a season on loan in the Italian capital and has made a strong start to life in Serie A, recently scoring in a 4-0 win at Udinese before playing in his side's 2-1 win over Napoli.Rashford: Top four not impossibleThe man who shaped Man UtdAre Man Utd better suited to cup competitions?Speculation persists there have been talks between United and Paulo Fonseca's side to make the move permanent.However, it is understood there have been no bids from Roma.Sky Sports News has reported Smalling is expected to return to United once his year-long loan deal expires in the summer. The 29-year-old signed a new contract at United, which still has two-and-a-half years left on it with the option of a further year, last December.Roma are third in the table after three wins on the bounce.
Clubs across Europe have to wait another two months to sign players but that won't stop potential targets being or discussions being held over future deals. So, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent&#8230;Transfer Centre LIVE!Latest Paper TalkGermanyBayern Munich president Uli Hoeness believes the club will be able to sign Manchester City winger Leroy Sane for under &#163;85m next summer because the Germany international will have just one year remaining on his contract. (Sport Bild)SpainKylian Mbappe, Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford remain on Barcelona's radar but the La Liga champions are set to move for Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez. The Argentine, who has also been linked with Manchester United, has a &#163;95.6m buyout clause that becomes active next summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona defender Gerard Pique insists there is no rift between Lionel Messi and Antoine Griezmann. \"Just because he doesn't get on with Griezmann like he does with Luis (Suarez) doesn't mean they don't get on well,\" the centre-back said. (AS)Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Brazilian wonderkid Reinier from Flamengo but may have to pay over &#163;50m to sign the 17-year-old attacking midfielder. (AS) Borussia Dortmund have watched Valencia's Ferran Torres on several occasions this season and plan to make a move for the winger next summer. The 19-year-old has also been linked with Barcelona and Liverpool. (Marca) ItalyRoma have made an offer of around &#163;8.5m to make Chris Smalling's loan move from Manchester United permanent but the Premier League club want closer to &#163;17m for the centre-back. (Sky Italia) Chelsea are interested in Hertha winger Javairo Dilrosun and could make a move for the 21-year-old next summer. The Netherlands international has three goals and two assists in six Bundesliga games this season and is also wanted by Borussia Dortmund. (Calciomercato) Inter Milan CEO Beppe Marotta does not expect the club to sign players in January despite being linked with Nemanja Matic, Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal. \"The January window is poor, there aren't many great opportunities,\" he said. \"I don't know what the market can offer, no great players are available.\" (Sky Italia) FranceEdinson Cavani is not completely happy at Paris Saint-Germain, according to head coach Thomas Tuchel. The Uruguayan, who is out of contract next summer, has not started a game since his return from injury earlier this month. (L'Equipe)  Nantes are the latest side to show interest in Hatem Ben Arfa. The Frenchman has been without a club since leaving Rennes at the end of last season and has been linked with Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 teams. (L'Equipe)BelgiumWatford and Wolves are interested in Royal Antwerp defender Aurelio Buta and could make a move for the 22-year-old in January. (Het Nieuwsblad) 
Cristiano Ronaldo rescued Juventus at the death as his penalty delivered a barely-deserved 2-1 win over Genoa at Allianz Stadium. Juve needed to respond to Inter Milan's victory at Brescia 24 hours earlier to return to top spot, and Leonardo Bonucci's 36th-minute header sent them down the right path.Serie A tableSerie A results | fixturesChristian Kouame's miskick fooled Juve goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon as Genoa levelled four minutes later, yet the dismissal of Francesco Cassata after half-time gave the hosts the upper hand once more.They could not make their personnel advantage count and lost it when substitute Adrien Rabiot saw red in the 86th minute.Ronaldo was offside when he put the ball in the net deep into stoppage time - yet he was subsequently caught by Antonio Sanabria in the box and made no mistake with his penalty, sparing Juve blushes.Atalanta make point, Smalling strikes in Roma routAtalanta kept top-three rivals Napoli at arm's length by forcing a 2-2 draw at the Stadio San Paolo.Nikola Maksimovic's 16th-minute headed goal from a Jose Callejon cross briefly brought Napoli into a share of third place with their in-form guests, but Remo Freuler levelled shortly before half-time.Arkadiusz Milik, who had hit a post midway through the first half, restored Napoli's lead by rolling home a Fabian Ruiz through ball in the 72nd minute. Josip Ilicic beat the offside trap to equalise four minutes from time, however,and the Slovenian was then denied a winner in stoppage time.Both Rome clubs trounced their respective opponents 4-0, with Roma climbing to fourth and Lazio to fifth.At Udinese, Nicolo Zaniolo exploited a defensive mistake to give Roma the lead. The Giallorossi survived losing Federico Fazio to a harsh red card to pull clear through Chris Smalling, Justin Kluivert and an Aleksandar Kolarov penalty.Lazio thrashed Torino with a brace from Ciro Immobile arriving after Francesco Acerbi scored from 35 yards and before Andrea Belotti contributed a late own goal. Immobile's second was a penalty, with Nicolas Nkoulou dismissed for conceding it.Joao Pedro helped Cagliari recover to beat Bologna 3-2 in Sardinia.Federico Santander's spot-kick put Bologna in front before Pedro's double and Giovanni Simeone's chipped finish turned the game on its head, with home keeper Robin Olsen putting through his own net in second-half stoppage time.Gaetano Castrovilli scored one and set up Nikola Milenkovic's winner as Fiorentina responded well to Jeremie Boga's fine opener for Sassuolo to triumph 2-1.Elsewhere, 10-man Lecce were denied all three points from their trip to Sampdoria as Gaston Ramirez's headed goal right at the death forced a 1-1 draw. Gianluca Lapadula had the southerners ahead eight minutes in but the dismissalof Panagiotis Tachtsidis saw Lecce steadily lose control of proceedings.
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. And we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!ItalyJuventus could launch a move to bring Paul Pogba back to Turin in January. The France midfielder left the Serie A champions in 2016 for Manchester United but is keen to leave Old Trafford and is open to a return to Italy. (Tuttosport)AC Milan and Inter Milan will pursue deals for Luka Modric, Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal in January. Real Madrid midfielder Modric is on the radar of the Rossoneri while Barcelona duo Rakitic and Vidal have both been linked with a move to Inter. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Edinson Cavani turned down a move to Inter Milan in the summer as the Uruguay striker wanted to see out his contract with Paris Saint-Germain, which expires at the end of the current campaign. (Gazzetta dello Sport)SpainZinedine Zidane does not want Gareth Bale to leave Real Madrid in January. \"We have a good relationship, no matter what is said about that in the press,\" Zidane said. \"He never talks about leaving and I would not welcome his departure this winter.\" (Cadena Cope)The Wales forward's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has played down speculation Bale will leave for China in January. \"Gareth is ecstatic to play for Madrid,\" he said. \"China? Don't believe everything you read.\" (Deportes Cuatro)AC Milan are interested in Carles Alena and would like to sign the Barcelona midfielder on loan in January. However, the 21-year-old would prefer to stay in Spain and may have offers from Real Betis, Getafe, Celta Vigo and Granada. (Estadio Deportivo)Ajax, Real Betis and Eibar hoped to take Barcelona youngster Riqui Puig on loan in the summer but the La Liga champions wanted the midfielder, who is regarded as one of the club's brightest academy prospects, to remain at the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo)Germany Borussia Dortmund have identified Hertha winger Javairo Dilrosun and Valencia's Ferran Torres as potential replacements for Jadon Sancho. (Sport Bild)Sancho is expected to leave Dortmund next summer and the German club will use the &#163;130m fee Barcelona paid for Ousmane Dembele as a benchmark figure for the England international. (Sport Bild)Denis Zakaria will not leave Borussia Monchengladbach in the January transfer window according to the club's sporting director Max Eberl. The midfielder has been linked with Liverpool, Manchester United, Tottenham and Arsenal. (Sportbuzzer)FranceCristiano Ronaldo has admitted he would prefer to only play in the Champions League and for Portugal: \"If it were up to me I would only play important games,\" he said. \"Those of the national team and the Champions League. Those with something at stake, with a difficult environment, with pressure.\" (France Football)Layvin Kurzawa will turn down offers to leave Paris Saint-Germain in January and will see out his contract with the Ligue 1 club before leaving for nothing next summer. (Le Parisen)
Lionel Messi scored two goals and set up two more as Barcelona thrashed Real Valladolid 5-1 to move top of La Liga. Ernesto Valverde's side ran out comfortable winners at the Camp Nou, where Saturday's Clasico against Real Madrid was due to be played before it was postponed until December because of political tension.The unstoppable Messi teed up Arturo Vidal with a magical pass for the Chilean to put the hosts 2-1 ahead after Kiko Olivas cancelled out Clement Lenglet's early deflected opener.Then the Argentine whipped a free-kick into the top corner, fired home another and sent Luis Suarez through to ensure Barcelona moved top on 22 points from 10 matches.Atletico Madrid were held to a 1-1 draw at Alaves as Lucas Perez's sublime solo strike stopped the visitors moving provisionally top of the table.Atletico substitute Alvaro Morata scored his third goal in three games to fire them ahead in the 70th minute as Diego Simeone's team struggled to find top form at Mendizorroza.Alaves' Fernando Pacheco made fine saves to deny Spain striker Morata a second and foil Angel Correa before Perez cut in from the right and lashed a thunderbolt into the top corner.Atletico are second after 11 games, level on 20 points with Granada, who face Getafe on Thursday.Serie A: Lukaku sends Inter topA stunning strike by Romelu Lukaku gave Inter Milan a 2-1 win at Brescia.The win took Inter back to the top of Serie A, at least for 24 hours until Juventus, who are two points behind, host Genoa on Wednesday. Inter went ahead with a fortuitous goal from Lautaro Martinez, whose strike deflected off defender Andrea Cistana and looped into the net, before Lukaku extended their lead with a stinging drive in the 63rd minute.Brescia, who dominated the second half, were rewarded with an own goal by Milan Skriniar in the 76th minute, but Inter held on despite fierce pressure in the closing stages.Elsewhere, Parma missed the chance to go fifth in the table after they were beaten 1-0 at home by Verona.
The January transfer window is inching ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainChinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua remain interested in Gareth Bale and could make a move for the Real Madrid star in January. The La Liga side are willing to let Bale leave for nothing to get his &#163;30m-a-year contract off their books. (Marca)Barcelona are prepared to offer Ivan Rakitic to Inter Milan in exchange for Stefano Sensi. The Italy international is currently on loan at Inter from Sassuolo but the Serie A giants can sign him permanently for &#163;21.5m. (Sport)Former Watford head coach Javi Gracia is the frontrunner to take over at Celta Vigo if the club decide to sack under-pressure Fran Escriba. (Radio Galega)ItalyRoma have turned down the opportunity to sign Jack Rodwell on a free transfer. The midfielder joined up with the Serie A club last week on trial as they searched for reinforcements to ease their injury crisis. (Corriere dello Sport)AC Milan want to add experience to their squad in January and could launch a move for Ivan Rakitic if Barcelona are prepared to sell the Croatian midfielder for around &#163;30m. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Paris Saint-Germain are expected to make Mauro Icardi's loan move from Inter Milan permanent for &#163;60m after the Argentine striker scored seven goals in his opening seven games for the Ligue 1 side. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Find out more about Sky SportsWhat's on Sky Sports this weekZlatan Ibrahimovic is wanted by Brazilian club Flamengo. The striker's contract with LA Galaxy expires in December and has also attracted interest from Napoli and Boca Juniors. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Gianluigi Buffon wants to remain at Juventus until the summer of 2021 and the Serie A side are considering offering the goalkeeper a contract which will keep Buffon at the club until he is 43 years old. (Tuttosport)Juventus and Atletico Madrid are both interested in Porto wonderkid Fabio Silva. The 17-year-old striker has made six senior appearances and scored his first goal against Famalicao at the weekend. (CalcioMercato)Germany Bayern Munich remain interested in Leroy Sane and are confident they can secure the signing of the winger from Manchester City next summer. (Sky Germany)If Manchester City lose Sane they will make a move for Real Sociedad's Mikel Oyarzabal, who has been compared to Antoine Griezmann. (Sky Germany)FranceBarcelona, Bayern Munich and AC Milan are all interested in Lille striker Victor Osimhen. The Nigeria international has impressed since a summer move from Charleroi, scoring eight goals in 14 matches. (Soccer Link)TurkeyBesiktas want to send Loris Karius back to Liverpool in January despite the goalkeeper's two-year loan deal not expiring until next summer. (Takvim)
Roma have decided against signing former England midfielder Jack Rodwell following his trial with the club, according to <em>Sky in Italy</em>. The 28-year-old passed a medical and underwent physical tests with the Serie A side last weekend.Roma were keen to bolster their midfield options after losing Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Bryan Cristante, Lorenzo Pellegrini and Amadou Diawara inside the first two months of the season.Jordan Veretout was the only fit midfielder in the squad for their Europa League clash with Borussia Monchengladbach, with boss Paulo Fonseca forced to play centre-back Gianluca Mancini in a central midfield role.The club were also \"auditioning\" Liechtenstein midfielder Marcel Buchel, but they have decided against offering him a contract too.Rodwell remains without a club after leaving Blackburn at the end of last season. The midfielder made 22 appearances in all competitions for the club.
Franck Ribery has been suspended for three Serie A matches after twice pushing an assistant referee in Fiorentina's 2-1 home defeat by Lazio on Sunday. Footage showed the 36-year-old remonstrating with match officials after the final whistle as Fiorentina protested Lazio's 89th-minute winner.The Fiorentina players claimed Lazio's Jordan Lukaku had fouled Riccardo Sotil in the build-up to the goal and were angry that the referee did not review the incident on the pitch-side monitor, instead relying on a silent check by the VAR official.Ribery pushed one of the assistant referees before being restrained by team-mates and was shown the red card.Serie A's disciplinary tribunal said that Ribery had approached the official with \"threatening behaviour\" and pushed him twice.In a statement on his Twitter page on Monday, Ribery said: \"I am very sorry for last night, I apologise to my teammates, to the coach, to the fans.\"
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainMarcus Rashford and Harry Kane remain on Barcelona's radar as they continue to scour Europe for a long-term replacement for Luis Suarez. Kylian Mbappe and Lautaro Martinez are, however, the front-runners on the club's shortlist. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are set to open contract talks with Lionel Messi and Marc-Andre ter Stegen in the coming months. Messi's current deal expires in the summer of 2021 while the German goalkeeper's contract runs until 2022. (Mundo Deportivo)Barcelona are interested in Stefano Sensi and could make a move for the Italian midfielder next summer. Sensi is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Sassuolo and the Serie A club have an option to make the deal permanent for &#163;21.5m. (Sport)Carles Alena is set to leave Barcelona on loan in January due to a lack of playing time this season. The midfielder has previously been linked with a move to the Premier League but Barca would prefer the 21-year-old to remain in La Liga. (Sport)Real Madrid are interested in Paris Saint-Germain's 17-year-old midfielder Adil Aouchiche, who struck nine goals in four games at this summer's U17 European Championships. (AS)Italy Manchester United are keen on Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar but the Premier League side would face competition from Barcelona if they decide to move for the Slovakia international. (Tuttosport)Antonio Conte would rather Inter pursue a deal for Arturo Vidal in January rather than trying to convince Barcelona to sell Ivan Rakitic. The Italian coach does not believe the Croatian midfielder is needed after the emergence of Stefano Sensi. (Tuttosport)France Watford have made an offer for 17-year-old striker Haissem Hassan, who plays for Ligue 2 side Chateauroux. However, the Hornets face competition from Barcelona to sign the France U18 international. (L'Equipe)Paris Saint-Germain have yet to hold talks with Edinson Cavani over a new contract and the Uruguayan is set to leave the French capital when his contract expires at the end of the season. (Le Parisen)Mauro Icardi has called Paris Saint-Germain the best side he has played for after he struck twice in the club's 4-0 win over Marseille. \"I have played with great champions, but this PSG is the best team I have ever played in,\" the Argentine striker said. (Canal+)HollandFormer Tottenham star Rafael van der Vaart believes the club should sign Ajax's Hakim Ziyech to replace Christian Eriksen: \"I talked to [Daniel] Levy and said, 'Sign Ziyech after this season'. I'm convinced he would be a sensation in London.\" (Studio Voetbal)
Javier Hernandez scored his first La Liga goal for Sevilla whose 2-0 win over Getafe took them level with second-placed Barcelona. Mexico's all-time top scorer broke the deadlock in the 69th minute with a coolly-taken first-time finish to get off the mark in his fifth league appearance for Sevilla, having scored twice already in the Europa League.Argentine winger Lucas Ocampos sealed the win in the 78th minute, deceiving Getafe keeper David Soria with a dummy before tapping in.Sevilla are fifth in the standings on 19 points after nine games, locked on points with Barcelona as well as third-placed Real Sociedad and Atletico Madrid in fourth.Barca have a game in hand after the Clasico against Real Madrid, originally scheduled for Saturday, was postponed until December due to security concerns.Promoted Granada are the surprise La Liga leaders on 20 points after beating Real Betis 1-0 on Sunday, while Real Sociedad won 1-0 at Celta Vigo.Ligue 1: A thrashing in Le ClassiqueParis St Germain continued their dominance over Le Classique rivals Marseille with a 4-0 thrashing at the Parc des Princes.Marseille have not beaten their bitter rivals since 2011 and hopes of a rare win were quickly extinguished by a stunning first-half display from the hosts, who have scored 13 goals in three games in the injured Neymar's absence.Mauro Icardi and Kylian Mbappe - who shared five goals in Tuesday's Champions League mauling of Club Brugge - both scored twice before half-time while visiting goalkeeper Steve Mandanda made a number of saves to prevent further embarrassment for Andre Villas-Boas' side.With the damage done, the teams played out a goalless second period as PSG moved eight points clear at the top of Ligue 1, with their opponents 11 points off the pace in seventh.Elsewhere, Saint-Etienne needed an own goal from Amiens defender Bakaye Dibassy to draw 2-2 at home with their bottom-half rivals.Wahbi Khazri put the hosts ahead on the stroke of half-time but Amiens hit back with a second-half double from Stiven Mendoza and Chadrac Akolo before Dibassy's own goal.A 92nd-minute winner from Rennes substitute Yann Gboho saw them move eighth with a 3-2 win over Toulouse which keeps the visitors a point outside the bottom three. M'baye Niang and Adrien Hunou had the hosts 2-0 up inside six minutes, but Mathieu Dossevi and Max Gradel netted either side of half-time to even the scores, until Gboho's last-gasp winner.Serie A: Atalanta bounce back from City loss in styleAtalanta shrugged off their midweek Champions League mauling by Manchester City as they stormed to a 7-1 win over Udinese in Serie A.Luis Muriel scored a hat-trick as his side strengthened their grip on third place in the table with a result that equalled their previous best in the Italian top flight.Stefano Okaka had put the visitors in front after 11 minutes but his opener was cancelled out by Josip Ilicic before the game changed when Udinese's Nicholas Opoku was sent off on the half-hour.Opoku conceded the penalty, which Muriel converted, and Ilicic scored his second to put Atalanta 3-1 in front before half-time.A further brace from Muriel - including a second penalty - and efforts from Mario Pasalic and Amad Traore wrapped up the home side's historic day. Fourth-placed Napoli lost ground on the teams above them after Carlo Ancelotti's men were held to a frustrating 1-1 draw at lowly SPAL.Arkadiusz Milik had given Napoli a ninth-minute lead but Jasmin Kurtic equalised seven minutes later and it proved enough to give the hosts only their seventh point of the season.Roma capitalised by jumping up to fifth place and closing the gap on Napoli to a single point with a 2-1 win over struggling AC Milan.The result left Stefano Pioli still searching for his first win as Milan boss as defensive errors continued to cost his side dear. Edin Dzeko headed Roma in front late in the first half and despite an equaliser from Theo Hernandez, a blunder at the back allowed Nicolo Zaniolo to rifle the winner from the edge of the box.Cagliari stretched their unbeaten run in Serie A to seven games after a 1-1 draw at Torino.Nahitan Nandez put the visitors in front five minutes before the interval but Simone Zaza equalised after 69 minutes for mid-table Torino, who are now winless in four.There was more misery for bottom club Sampdoria who fell to a 2-1 defeat at Bologna.Rodrigo Palacio put the home side in front three minutes into the second half and although Manolo Gabbiadini equalised for Sampdoria, Mattia Bani scored a 78th-minute winner.Ciro Immobile scored a dramatic late winner as Lazio moved up to sixth place with a 2-1 win at Fiorentina in the late game.Joaquin Correa's 22nd-minute opener for the visitors was quickly cancelled out by Federico Chiesa but Immobile pounced in the 89th minute to give Lazio their first win in three games.
Romelu Lukaku's goal was not enough for Inter Milan as they missed out on the chance to steal top spot in Serie A from Juventus. Inter were held to a 2-2 draw by Parma at San Siro, with Antonio Candreva's opener cancelled out by goals from former Inter forward Yann Karamoh and Gervinho to give the visitors a shock half-time lead.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesAntonio Conte's side fought back through Lukaku's strike after the break but the point meant they were unable to take advantage of a Juventus slip-up.The champions were held to a 1-1 draw at Lecce earlier in the day but they remain top of the table on 23 points, one point ahead of Inter in second.Bundesliga: Dortmund miss chance to cut leadSchalke 04 and Borussia Dortmund played out a lacklustre 0-0 draw on Saturday that saw both teams drop off the pace in the Bundesliga title race.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesSchalke twice hit the woodwork through Salif Sane and Suat Serdar in a dominant first half with Dortmund content to play second fiddle.Dortmund left their attacking game for the second half with Jadon Sancho coming close, but they were badly missing injured top striker Paco Alcacer, out with a muscle problem.Third-placed Dortmund, who have now won only one of their last five league games, are on 16 points, with Schalke in seventh spot on 15.While avoiding defeat at Schalke is important in such a derby, the pressure on Dortmund coach Lucien Favre is mounting after their midweek Champions League loss to Inter Milan.Bayern Munich lead the standings on 18 points after edging visitors Union Berlin 2-1, with striker Robert Lewandowski becoming the first Bundesliga player to score in each of the first nine league games.Ligue 1: Lyon move away from dangerLyon finally looked like they may put their awful start to the league season behind them with a 2-0 win over relegation rivals Metz.Ligue 1 tableLigue 1 fixturesGoals from former Manchester United forward Memphis Depay and a penalty from ex-Celtic man Moussa Dembele proved the difference, with a result that moves Lyon up into 12th, two points ahead of their visitors, who they had trailed at the start of the day - and still sit 19th. Elsewhere, Lille kept up their excellent start with a comprehensive 3-0 win over Bordeaux, to keep within a point of second-placed Nantes.Benjamin Andre put them ahead midway through the first half, before Yusuf Yazici doubled the lead from the penalty spot, and in second-half stoppage time Loic Remy added the third.Brest are a point behind them in fifth courtesy of a a third straight win, this time seeing off bottom side Dijon 2-0, while Angers slipped off the pace into sixth with a 0-0 draw at Montpellier. It was also goalless between Reims and Nimes, while Strasbourg moved out of the bottom three thanks to a surprise 1-0 win over Nice.
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; Papers: Chelsea target Werner and WilsonTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsAnd we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.GermanyManchester United are interested in Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller and the German is prepared to leave the Bundesliga giants in January due to a lack of playing time this season. (Bild) United would face competition from Inter, however, in the race to sign Muller. The Italian club believe the German's current unhappiness and his contract expiring in the summer of 2021 make him an affordable option in January. (Kicker) Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has quashed speculation the Bundesliga side have spoken to Jose Mourinho in regard to replacing Lucien Favre. \"These rumours around Mourinho lack any substance,\" he said. (Sky Germany) SpainReal Madrid president Florentino Perez has made Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe the club's priority target and is prepared to pay up to &#163;260m to secure the signing of the French star. (AS)  Samuel Chukwueze has signed a new long-term contract with Villarreal which has seen his buyout clause rise from &#163;34.5m to &#163;86.5m. The 20-year-old was linked with a number of top European clubs after impressing last season. (AS) Barcelona are interested in Brazilian duo Everton and Rodrigo Caio. Gremio winger Everton was linked with a number of European clubs after he starred in Brazil's Copa America success while Caio has impressed at Flamengo since a January move. (Mundo Deportivo) Ivan Rakitic is set to leave Barcelona in the January transfer window and join Inter Milan with the two clubs expected to agree a fee in the region of &#163;33m for the midfielder. (El Desmarque)ItalyJack Rodwell will undergo a medical with Roma today ahead of signing a short-term contract with the Serie A side. The midfielder has been without a club since leaving Blackburn Rovers at the end of last season. (Sky Italia) Paris Saint-Germain have joined the growing list of clubs interested in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has scored 20 goals in 13 games this season and is wanted by Manchester United, Manchester City, Juventus, Barcelona and Real Madrid. (CalcioMercato)  Arturo Vidal is open to a move away from Barcelona in January and the 32-year-old midfielder would favour a switch to Inter Milan where he would reunite with former Juventus boss Antonio Conte. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Turkey Leicester are interested in Trabzonspor's Turkish midfielder Kerem Baykus but Swansea City, Lazio and Freiburg are also interested in the 19-year-old. (Fotospor) 
The January transfer window inches ever closer and clubs across the continent will be scouting potential targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; So with the transfer rumour mill never stopped, we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.FranceLyon will move for Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud in January if Moussa Dembele completes a move to Manchester United in the winter transfer window. (Soccer Link) Paris Saint-Germain president Nasser Al-Khelaifi wanted to appoint Andre Villas-Boas in 2013 but sporting director Leonardo opposed the decision and the club instead turned to Laurent Blanc. (L'Equipe)SpainReal Madrid are prepared to offer Isco and around &#163;20m in exchange for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz, who the Serie A club value in excess of &#163;100m and is also wanted by Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Alvaro Odriozola will be offloaded by Real Madrid and the club will look to sign AC Milan's Davide Calabria, RB Leipzig's Lukas Klostermann or Nice's Youcef Atal as an alternative to Dani Carvajal at right-back. (Mundo Deportivo) Sevilla will attempt to rival Manchester United and Napoli in the race to sign Mario Mandzukic from Juventus in January. The 33-year-old has been told he can leave Turin if a suitable offer is made. (Marca)  Real Madrid are increasingly confident they will be able to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer for a world-record fee of around &#163;260m. (AS) Inter Milan have held talks with Barcelona over potential deals for Ivan Rakitic and Arturo Vidal. The La Liga champions are prepared to sell the Croatia midfielder in January for around &#163;30m. (AS) AC Milan are interested in Atletico Madrid full-back Santiago Arias and could make an &#163;18m offer for the Colombia international who has fallen behind Kieran Trippier at the Wanda Metropolitano. (AS)ItalyBrescia president Massimo Cellino has revealed the sides interested in wonderkid midfielder Sandro Tonali. He said: \"All the big Italian clubs, and abroad Atletico Madrid, PSG and Manchester City. But in my view, he'd be better off remaining with Brescia.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan technical director Paolo Maldini believes Zlatan Ibrahimovic may not return to Serie A due to fear. He explained: \"It would be a dream return for several reasons but I think within his mind there is a little fear that he won't be the dominant Ibra of old.\" (Sky Italia)  Napoli have denied reports they were offered the chance to sign Erling Haaland from Molde for just &#163;4.5m. The striker, now at Red Bull Salzburg, has scored 20 goals in 13 games this season and has been linked with a number of top European sides. (Various) Juventus will need to make at least &#163;4.5m from the sale of Mario Mandzukic in January to avoid the Croatian striker being written off as a loss in the club's accounts. (Corriere di Torino) GermanyBayern Munich sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic says it is \"out of the question\" Thomas Muller leaves the Bundesliga club in January. The Germany international has been linked with potential moves to Manchester United or Inter Milan. (Sport Bild)  
We asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.&#160; SpainReal Madrid are prepared to make an offer of &#163;90m plus Gareth Bale for Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba if the France international improves his form during the remainder of the campaign. (El Desmarque)Dani Ceballos, Martin Odegaard, Takefusa Kubo, Sergio Reguilon and Hakim Achraf will all return to Real Madrid next summer when their respective loan deals end and the club will look to incorporate the quintet into their squad. (AS)Barcelona have intensified their interest in Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez and view the Argentine as the long-term replacement to Luis Suarez at the Camp Nou. (AS) With interest growing in Kylian Mbappe, Paris Saint-Germain will offer the striker a new contract to try to keep him at the club. The 20-year-old's current deal expires in 2022 but PSG are prepared to offer him an improved contract until 2024. (Mundo Deportivo) MLS star Carlos Vela has revealed he held talks with Barcelona in January over a loan move to the Camp Nou: \"It was really close. Who could say no to playing with Messi for four months and then returning to LA?\" (Marca) ItalyJuventus are prepared to spend big to land another star name next summer and could move for either Kylian Mbappe or Neymar if Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to sell. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Real Madrid could be forced to pay in excess of &#163;100m for Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz as the Spaniard's contract does not contain a release clause. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Roma want to make Chris Smalling's loan move from Manchester United permanent and have started talks with the defender over extending his stay in Serie A. (Il Tempo)Liechtenstein international Marcel Buchel is on trial at Roma alongside former Sunderland midfielder Jack Rodwell. The club could sign both midfielders as they look to strengthen a squad that has been decimated by injuries. (Il Messaggero) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller has not held talks with either Manchester United or Inter Milan and, despite his lack of football this season, a January departure from the Bundesliga champions is unlikely. (Sky Germany) Bayern Munich are interested in Athletic Bilbao centre-back Unai Nunez. The 22-year-old, who has previously been linked with Arsenal and Everton, has a buyout clause in his contract worth around &#163;26m. (Spox) FranceHatem Ben Arfa has held talks with Ligue 1 strugglers Nimes as he searches for a new club. The 32-year-old is also being considered by second-tier side Le Harve. (France Bleu)
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across the Premier League, Europe and beyond will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals.&#160; At this traditionally difficult time to make big moves, the start of the new year looks set to be frantic for a host of top Premier League clubs.Transfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsTransfer Ins and Outs: What happened in the summer?Sky Sports provides you with all you need to know about the 2019/20 mid-season transfer window.When does the window open?The transfer merry-go-round swings back into action on January 1 as teams across the Premier League and Football League get the chance to buy, sell and loan players once again.It is the same across France, Germany and China but Italy and Spain have to wait until the following day.The window officially opens on January 3 in Portugal while the Russian Premier League have to wait until January 22.When does the January transfer window close? The closing date varies from year to year depending on whether the final day of the month falls on a weekend. Sky Sports has been told that the next Shareholders' meeting in mid-November will confirm precisely when the window closes.It is understood that it will be at 23:00 GMT on Friday January 31 for top-flight teams in England, France, Germany, Italy and Spain.Portuguese teams have until the end of the following day to complete signings while the window for clubs in the Russian Premier League shuts on February 21.The Chinese Premier League January transfer window close on February 27.Can deals be made after the deadline? Yes. As long as all the necessary paperwork is submitted before the deadline, transfers can be completed afterwards.At 9pm on deadline day, clubs can submit a \"deal sheet\" to let the relevant authority know an agreement has been reached.This means that clubs have until 1am to send over completed paperwork.What about emergency loans? At the start of the 2016/17 season, FIFA introduced new rules which scrapped the emergency loan window. But what if my club suffers a goalkeeping crisis?Free agents are allowed to join clubs outside of the window while there is dispensation should clubs suffer a spate of injuries to their goalkeepers.Where can you follow all the latest transfer news?As well as keeping an eye on Sky Sports News, you can make sure you don't miss a thing with our dedicated Transfer Centre blog.There will also be the return of the Transfer Talk Podcast and some exciting new features coming your way...Follow all the latest developments here.
Jack Rodwell has undergone a medical ahead of a possible move to Roma but faces competition from another midfielder, according to Sky in Italy. Rodwell trained with Roma at their Trogoria base on Friday morning and has been through the club's physical testing, but the Serie A club are also \"auditioning\" Liechtenstein midfielder Marcel Buchel at the same time.Buchel, capped 16 times by his country, was most recently with Empoli and has also played in Italy for Bologna, Verona and Cremonese among others.Former Everton, Manchester City and Sunderland midfielder Rodwell is a free agent since being released by Blackburn Rovers in June, after making 23 appearances and scoring one goal for the Championship club.Transfer Centre LIVE!Rodwell, who has not played a competitive game since Rovers' 2-1 defeat to Norwich on April 27th, sat the first part of his medical on Thursday and will undergo a series of tests on Friday to determine his fitness.The 28-year-old was at the Stadio Olimpico on Thursday night to attend the Serie A side's 1-1 draw against Borussia Monchengladbach in the Europa League.Injury-plagued Roma are keen to bolster their midfield options after losing Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Bryan Cristante, Lorenzo Pellegrini and Amadou Diawara inside the first two months of their season.Boss Paulo Fonseca was forced to play centre-back Gianluca Mancini in a central midfield role against Monchengladbach, with Jordan Veretout the only fit midfielder in the squad.Rodwell's route to RomeRodwell started 16 Championship games for Blackburn last season and was offered an extension to his short-term deal at the end of the campaign.\"Since he came in last year he got himself back fit and playing again. He is a great guy, a good individual and a solid person,\" said chief executive Steve Waggott in early July.However, terms could not be agreed with the midfielder, who has since been linked with Panathinaikos in August and last month had an unsuccessful trial with MLS side New England Revolution - but has not found a permanent home since his spell at Ewood Park.


Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis says signing LA Galaxy striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic is \"more than just a suggestion\". The 38-year-old is out of contract at the MLS club at the end of the season and will be free to sign with a new side as soon as December, upon the end of the play-offs.\"[Ibrahimovic] is a friend, I met him in Los Angeles not as a footballer but as a normal person because we were in the same hotel,\" De Laurentiis told Sky in Italy.\"I invited him over for dinner with his wife and kids and we had an amazing time. It would be my wish to see him in Napoli colours, it's more than a suggestion and it depends on him. It's been talked about for a few months now.\" The former Manchester United, Juventus and AC Milan forward is yet to decide the next step in his career but has reiterated he is ready for a new challenge.Speaking to Italian daily newspaper La Gazzetta Dello Sport after the unveiling of his statue in his home town of Malmo in Sweden, he said he feels like Italy is his \"second home\" and would look forward to a return to Serie A.\"I am 38 years old and the enthusiasm of a boy, with the same desire to win,\" he said. \"I don't think about my future yet, I will calmly evaluate with my family. To continue [playing], as I say, I have to find something special, that can keep the fire inside me alive: here or elsewhere. \"Italy is my second home, I experienced unforgettable moments there. I would like to go in a team that fights for the title, I can still make a difference. I'm not some sort of zoo animal that people go and see, I can still hit 20 goals per season.\"I appreciated the last documentary dedicated to [Diego Armando] Maradona; nobody is like him. Seeing the passion and love of that city almost makes me want to try out an experience in Naples: it would be fantastic to replicate what Diego did.\"I'm not saying I'll be going there, the final decision will depend on many factors, but it's a city that creates a lot of enthusiasm. With me, the San Paolo would sell out every week. And [Napoli boss Carlo] Ancelotti is there, he's a football great.\" Ancelotti himself expressed his admiration for the former Sweden international, and joked that he would call him after seeing his statements out in the Italian media.\"I'll call him tonight and say we're waiting!\" Ancelotti told Sky in Italy after Napoli's win over Verona on Saturday.\"I have a great deal of affection for him, I saw he scored 29 goals in 30 MLS games. Tomorrow, after I've called him, I'll let you know how it went!\"Ibrahimovic and LA Galaxy are set to take on Los Angeles FC in the \"El Trafico\" derby for a spot in the Western Conference final on Thursday night, live on Sky Sports Football (starts 3.40am BST on Friday).
Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici has opened the door for Mario Mandzukic to start training with another side ahead of a January transfer move. The striker remains linked with Manchester United - who have failed to replace forwards Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez - despite a move to the Premier League club failing to materialise in the last days of the summer transfer window.Utd target Mandzukic not training with JuveEvra's ultimate Man Utd-Juventus XIThe 33-year-old's deal at the Juventus Stadium expires in June 2021 and Paratici said the club are open to letting him find a new club as soon as he wants.\"We are talking to Mandzukic to find the best possible solution,\" Paratici told Sky in Italy ahead of Juve's Champions League clash against Lokomotiv Moscow, when asked about the possibility of the player leaving before January.\"We remain open to any scenario, so staying here or going elsewhere. We are discussing it to find the best solution for both parties.\"The former Croatia international is yet to feature for the Serie A champions this season and Juve boss Maurizio Sarri said on Friday he is not training with his team-mates due to an agreement with the club.\"Mandzukic is not training with us, in agreement with the club. If the agreement changes, I am open to everything,\" Sarri said.In September, Paratici confirmed that the striker was in talks with Qatari club Al-Rayyan, but the parties couldn't come to an agreement.Mandzukic, a Champions League winner with Bayern in 2013, originally joined Juventus from Atletico Madrid in July 2015 in a deal worth &#163;21m.
As the January transfer window inches ever closer, clubs across Europe will be identifying potential transfer targets and holding discussions with clubs and agents over future deals. Papers: Abramovich turned down Chelsea offerTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsAnd we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.ItalyJuventus are prepared to battle Real Madrid next summer to clinch the signing of Paul Pogba from Manchester United. The French midfielder has informed the Premier League side he will not sign a new contract at Old Trafford. (Gazzetta dello Sport) West Ham and Wolves are interested in AC Milan winger Suso. The Spaniard would cost around &#163;35m and is also on the radars of Fiorentina and Sevilla. (CalcioMercato) Former Sunderland midfielder Jack Rodwell has been offered to Roma as the Serie A club search for a short-term signing to cover their mounting injuries. Former Watford midfielder Valon Behrami is also an option. (Corriere dello Sport)Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis would like to bring Zlatan Ibrahimovic to the Serie A club in January. \"He's a desire of mine rather than a suggestion, but it depends on him and not me,\" De Laurentiis said. (TV Luna)SpainManchester United, Tottenham and Atletico Madrid are all interested in Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Denis Zakaria. The 22-year-old would cost around &#163;35m. (AS)  Barcelona would have to pay &#163;173m to trigger the release clause in Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez's contract. It was previously claimed the Argentine could leave the Serie A giants for around &#163;95m. (Mundo Deportivo) Gus Poyet is the frontrunner to take charge at Leganes, who sit bottom of the La Liga table after nine matches. (Cadena Cope)GermanySchalke goalkeeper Alexander Nubel has turned down offers from Manchester United, Atletico Madrid, Roma and Paris Saint-Germain and is set to join Bayern Munich when his contract expires next summer. (Sport Bild)  Milan Skriniar would be open to a move to a move to Bayern Munich or Borussia Dortmund, but only if he lost his place in the Inter Milan side.He said: \"I would always think if I received an offer [from Bayern or Dortmund] but it would depend more on my situation at Inter. If I were on the bench, it would be hard to say no.\" (Ruhr Nachrichten) FranceParis Saint-Germain are interested in Chelsea right-back Tariq Lamptey and have scouted the 19-year-old throughout the Premier League club's UEFA Youth League campaign. Lamptey is out of contract next summer. (Soccer Link)
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. SpainBarcelona have paid rivals Atletico Madrid an extra 15m euros to end their dispute over how the La Liga leaders went about signing Antoine Griezmann. (El Mundo)Real Madrid will shelve plans to sign Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen when the winter transfer window opens unless they're able to part with a host of fringe players. Mariano Diaz and Isco are two names reportedly close to the exit door at the Santiago Bernabeu. (AS)Furthermore, it is believed Los Blancos will attempt to include both Diaz and Isco in any potential deal to bring Eriksen to the Spanish capital. (El Desmarque)Zinedine Zidane wants to stay at Real Madrid forever. The underfire Frenchman, who saw his side humbled by Mallorca over the weekend as they lost top spot, believes he is the right man for now and for the future. (Marca)Tottenham are in talks with Barcelona over the possible signing of Carles Alena on loan. The midfielder has dropped down the pecking order since the arrival of Frenkie de Jong and is eager to get first-team minutes under his belt. (Mundo Deportivo)ItalyBayern Munich have lined up Barcelona centre-back Samuel Umtiti with the German champions looking to improve their backline and bring in cover for the injured Nicolas Sule. (Tuttosport)Tottenham are weighing up a move to sign Adrien Rabiot. The French midfielder hasn't managed to force his way into Maurizio Sarri's plans at Juventus following a summer move from Paris Saint-Germain. Spurs are looking for midfield reinforcements with the team struggling this season. (Calciomercato)Summer signing Valentino Lazaro hasn't made the impression he wanted to at Inter. The former Hertha Berlin wing-back had a forgettable 20-minute cameo during the 4-3 win over Sassuolo and Antonio Conte is already eyeing up a replacement in Parma's Matteo Darmian. (Calciomercato)Italy manager Roberto Mancini could add experience to his next Azzurri squad. Gigi Buffon and Daniele De Rossi have both impressed this season for Juventus and Boca Juniors respectively and could get the nod, despite having an average age of close to 39. (Rai Sport) FranceParis Saint-Germain are keeping a close eye on Kai Havertz's situation with Bayer Leverkusen. The German international has been linked with a &#8364;100million move to Bayern but no deal is in place and he's still up for grabs. Manager Thomas Tuchel is keen to work with his compatriot. (Le10Sport)GermanyBayern aren't going to delve into the transfer market in January to replace Sule. Instead, Niko Kovac is going to put his trust in Jerome Boateng. The Germany international nearly left the club in the summer but the champions instead decided to part with Mats Hummels. (SportBild)
Patrice Evra chose his ultimate Manchester United and Juventus combined XI on <em>Monday Night Football</em>, with some of the world's best talent included. Former France defender Evra made a total of 326 appearances for the two clubs - 273 for Man Utd and 53 for Juventus - and picked some incredible names in his team.Mousset fires Blades to victory over ArsenalEvra: 'Weak' Arsenal are still 'babies'Goalkeeper - Edwin van der SarIt was not a difficult pick because I was also impressed with Gianluigi Buffon, but Van der Sar is the only goalkeeper in the world who, when he makes a save, doesn't shout at his defenders. He was the captain of the defence, he was really calm, always talking to us and he was always in the right position.Right-back - Dani AlvesWhat a player. I could have had Gary Neville, but Dani Alves is more talented! I love Gary and he was a consistent right-back, but Dani Alves is different quality.Centre-back - Giorgio ChielliniHe is the heart of the defence of Juventus. We only saw [Leonardo] Bonucci because he gave that long ball, but C is the one who is working so hard. He didn't always have a good technique but he is always working at the end of training and for me, he is the heart of Juventus.Centre-back - Rio Ferdinand It was difficult for me to leave out Vida [Nemanja Vidic] but I wanted to have a mix and I had Rio. He was always calm on the ball and Vida was the warrior. Some Man Utd fans won't be happy, but I had to do a mix and I was also impressed with Chiellini.Left-back - Patrice EvraIt's my team! My best era was at Les Ulis [his first club as a youth player] because I started as a striker and not as a left-back, but I never had any role models, I liked to push myself as far as I can and I wanted to be the best in my position every day.But I didn't know I had to put another left-back, I thought it was my team so I should put myself in! Midfield - Ji-Sung ParkThis man doesn't get enough credit. It's not because he's one of my best friends, it's because he was a soldier. The 2008 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona, in both legs, he was man of the match. He didn't play the final after that but he is definitely one of my soldiers.Midfield - Paul ScholesSir Alex Ferguson never gave him the hairdryer treatment and he was just amazing. In the box, he never lost the ball and he always dictated the tempo of the game. He was aggressive in training with flying tackles and I remember I would say to him, 'Scholesy, why are you giving me bad tackles?' and his answer was 'why not?' His diagonal pass and his long ball is like playing on the PlayStation.Midfield - Andrea PirloWhat a player - he was class. He was never in a rush and was always aware of where the defender will be and for me, his feet are like hands. I learned a lot from Pirlo because I can see he was never in a rush, even when he was under pressure, he was just relaxed and I would copy him in training sometimes.Midfield - Ryan Giggs When I joined Man Utd, a lot of people asked me who impressed me the most and people were always expecting me to say Wayne Rooney or Cristiano Ronaldo, but Giggs and Scholes were just amazing. They were role models.Forward - Cristiano RonaldoI remember speaking to Cristiano when he won his first Ballon d'Or and he said to me that he has to win at least five - and that's what he did.I'm not surprised [he went on to be so good]. Cristiano Ronaldo is the most professional player I've ever played with. He was the one when if we were training at 10am, he would be there at 8am. He was the last to leave the training ground, practising his skills. That's why when we compare him to Messi, I always choose him. Messi is just a gift. God tells him to go and play with us kids, but Cristiano works so hard.He's a machine. He doesn't want to lose anything. He wants to be the most beautiful guy, he wants to be the one who is dressing the best.Ronaldo: I'm not ready to retireHe used to play table-tennis with Rio Ferdinand, and when Rio beat Cristiano, everyone was laughing. Two weeks later, Cristiano bought a table-tennis table. He practised and said he would get his revenge. Rio told him not to embarrass himself after losing the previous time, but they played and Cristiano won. That tells you about his mentality.Before he signed for Juventus, he called me 20 minutes before to ask what was so special about the club, and I said that the way he trained fitted in with the culture of the club. He told me I was completely right, and he will still play until he's 40.Forward - Carlos Tevez This one was a tough choice - Tevez or Wayne Rooney - but it comes from my heart, even if I am a close friend to Wayne. I played with Tevez in Manchester and Juventus, and what a player. He is a warrior and when we had him and Wayne up front, I was feeling sorry for the defenders. They made the job really easy for us because the defenders couldn't come out with the ball. We had two pitbulls in front of us. They are really similar and I had to choose, and Carlos made it.Manager - Sir Alex FergusonIt's a difficult one but I will go for Sir Alex.The Nice manager Sandro Salvioni was the first to play me at left-back. [Massimiliano] Allegri was good for the tactics and obviously the France manager Didier Deschamps, but Sir Alex will definitely be the coach of this team. He made you feel part of the team even if you weren't playing. He told Chicharito [Javier Hernandez] that he wouldn't play for three games, but he would say that he would come on in the third game so be ready to score - and that's what happened.When David Moyes took charge, a lot of players weren't happy, the ones who weren't happy. I went to his office and talked to him. I told him that United is about the squad, it's not about 11 players - but he didn't listen to me.Because people respected Ferguson so much, I was scared of disappointing him. This was really important and we have such a close relationship. When I make a big decision, I definitely call him.
The Champions League takes centre-stage this midweek, but there's still a healthy dose of transfer news filling the back pages across Europe. Paper Talk: Mandzukic slashes Man Utd wage demandsTransfer Centre LIVE! | Latest transfer newsSo we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.SpainReal Madrid are planning a sensational January swoop for Bayern Munich goal machine Robert Lewandowski. The Poland forward has long been linked with a switch to the Santiago Bernabeu and would be the marquee signing Real are desperate for. Los Blancos could sell Mariano Diaz and Brahim Diaz to fund a move for the 31-year-old. (OK Diario)Tottenham have shown an interest in Barcelona's homegrown midfielder Carles Alena, 21. (Mundo Deportivo)And Alena is one of three midfielders Barca are looking to offload in January along with Ivan Rakitic, long linked with Manchester United, and Riqui Puig. (Sport)Real Madrid will hold out for a fee of &#163;30m from Arsenal in order to make Dani Ceballos' loan move into a permanent one. (El Desmarque)Barcelona have denied a &#8364;15m (&#163;13m) payment made to Atletico Madrid was by way of compensation for their approach of Antoine Griezmann. Instead, the Catalans say it was to secure first refusal on five Atleti players. (Sport)Real Madrid have identified Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Unai Simon as a potential successor to Thibaut Courtois. The 22-year-old has impressed Los Blancos, who would have to meet his &#8364;50m (&#163;43m) release clause. (El Desmarque)ItalyManchester City sent a scout to watch Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali on Tuesday. The 19-year-old Italy international midfielder has been likened to Azzurri great Andrea Pirlo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Milan are eyeing up young Bayern Munich defender Lars Lukas Mai, 19, ahead of his contract expiring next summer. (Calciomercato)Juventus remain interested in Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante, who played under current Bianconeri boss Maurizio Sarri last season. The Premier League side would demand &#163;100m to part with the Frenchman. (Calciomercato) GermanyFormer Liverpool midfielder Dietmar Hamann says he's heard the Reds hold an interest in Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho. (Sky in Germany) Bayern Munich CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge insists the Bavarians will not rush to decide whether or not to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent. \"We will decide when the moment arrives,\" Rummenigge said. \"He doesn't have the attitude of a star. He's a friendly person, popular around the club and we're really happy with the deal we managed to close.\" (Kicker)Jose Mourinho is a candidate to succeed Lucien Favre at Borussia Dortmund, if the under-pressure Swiss tactician is removed from his position. (BILD)Bayern president Uli Hoeness says Bayern will not sign another centre-back in January following Niklas Sule's season-ending ACL injury. (Sport-BILD)Bayern's problems are stacking up with French defender Lucas Hernandez injuring ankle ligaments in Tuesday's 3-2 Champions League win over Olympiacos. Afterwards, sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic confirmed the defender would be out for 'several weeks'. Bayern are unimpressed after the French Football Federation allowed Hernandez to play during the international break. (Sport1)FranceParis Saint-Germain's on-loan striker Mauro Icardi is in no rush to decide his future. The Argentine is surplus to requirements at parent club Internazionale and PSG hold the option to make the switch permanent. \"I am very happy to be in Paris, we will see what will happen at the end of the season,\" Icardi said. (Le10Sport) Kylian Mbappe scored a 22-minute hat-trick after coming off the bench against Club Brugge in the Champions League on Tuesday and afterwards admitted he was not happy at starting on the bench. \"It's true that I wanted to start, I thought I was going to start,\" Mbappe explained. \"The coach has chosen and you have to accept. I wanted to go home and show that it's hard to do without me.\" (RMC Sport)
Cristiano Ronaldo has reassured Juventus supporters and his legions of fans worldwide that at 34, he is not ready for retirement yet. \"Age is just a number. It does not mean that at 34, 35, 36, you are at the end of your career,\" Ronaldo said at a news conference ahead of Juventus' Champions League match against Lokomotiv Moscow on Tuesday.\"I can show that with my performances, how I play, the way I play, the way I still feel good, sharp, thinking about the game, more mature. This makes the difference.\"Ronaldo, who is in the second season of a four-year deal at Juventus, had sparked concern among his fans when he said in an interview published a few weeks ago that he was starting to enjoy seeing himself \"outside of football, so who knows what will happen in the next year or two?\"He recently scored his 700th goal as a professional while on international duty with Portugal and has been nominated for a record sixth Ballon d'Or award, which would break his tie of five with Lionel Messi. But Ronaldo says he is more interested in winning a treble with Juventus.\"We want to win Serie A, we want to win the Cup, the Champions League,\" he said. \"Juventus should think big... We are going to try to win all the trophies, we know it will be difficult, especially the league and the Champions League, but I think it is possible. Everything is possible.\"In terms of individual [honours], I have nothing to say as this is individual. It is not the most important thing,\" Ronaldo added. \"The most important is the collective awards. If you win the collective awards, you have more chance to win the individual awards... The Ballon d'Or is for me in second place.\" While retirement may not be on Ronaldo's mind yet, family time is a big part of his life.\"To win games, to score goals, to enjoy myself, to arrive home and see my kids happy and say, 'Congratulations daddy for scoring a goal.' That makes me happy,\" he said.\"This is my motivation to come to train, for the games, to entertain people and the fans with my passion.\"

Atalanta coach Gian Piero Gasperini paid tribute to Pep Guardiola as his side arrived in England for <a href='https://www.skysports.com/football/man-city-vs-atalanta/preview/420375'>their Champions League clash with Manchester City</a> on Tuesday night. The 61-year-old feels he owes the former Barcelona boss a debt of gratitude for the kindness he showed him after being sacked by Inter Milan.Gasperini lasted just five games in charge at the San Siro in 2011.He has since rebuilt his career by guiding Atalanta to the Champions League for the first time, a feat Guardiola has described as \"incredible\".Speaking at his press conference ahead of Tuesday's Group C game at the Etihad Stadium, Gasperini said: \"His compliments are very welcome. I have got nothing to add to what has already been said about Pep Guardiola, not just as a coach but as a human being.\"He made a really nice gesture towards me and I can't forget that. This makes this occasion even more poignant.\"When I was sacked by Inter he called me and invited me to go to Barcelona to see them. It was a very nice gesture from a human point of view at a very difficult moment for me.\"Atalanta finished third in Serie A last season and also reached the final of the Coppa Italia. They are again third in the table after a bright start to the current campaign, although they are still to register a point in the Champions League after defeats to Dinamo Zagreb and Shakhtar Donetsk.Gasperini said: \"It is an award to be here to play a match like this and I am very proud.\"It is very difficult match but in the history of Atalanta it is a game we have to view very positively.\"We hope to play well and make a good impression. We are playing one of the best teams in the world.\"
Romelu Lukaku and Lautaro Martinez scored two goals each as Inter Milan survived a late fightback to beat Sassuolo 4-3&#160;on Sunday. Martinez struck inside two minutes before Domenico Berardi equalised, but Lukaku gave Inter breathing space with a powerful strike and a penalty before half time.All Sunday's resultsLatest football scores and fixturesMartinez stretched his side's lead to 4-1 from the penalty spot after the break, but Sassuolo hit back through Filip Djuricic and Jeremie Boga strikes.Antonio Conte's side held on in a nervy finish to the game as the home side pressed for a remarkable equaliser.\"We did everything right in the first half and should have scored more in the second,\" Lukaku told DAZN as reported by Reuters.\"Once it goes to 3-1 and 4-1, it ought to be over. The positive we take is that we got the three points, but we need to defend better than that.\"The result leaves Inter in second place on 21 points, one behind champions Juventus and four clear of Atalanta in third.Elsewhere in Serie AClaudio Ranieri was in the dug-out for the first time as Sampdoria coach in a 0-0 draw with Roma, his former club.Roma lost both Bryan Cristante and Nikola Kalinic to injury while forward Justin Kluivert was sent off for a second yellow four minutes from the end.Serie A tableSerie A fixtures | resultsCagliari moved above Roma into fifth place with a 2-0 win over Spal. Radja Nainggolan put the Sardinian club ahead with an absolute missile and Paolo Farag also scored.Udinese beat Torino 1-0 with a header from Stefano Okaka.Andreas Cornelius scored a hat-trick as Parma thrashed Genoa 5-1 while AC Milan were denied a second win on the bounce after Marco Calderoni scored a 92nd-minute equaliser for Lecce in their 2-2 draw.
The focus returns to club football this weekend after the international break and the back pages are chock full of transfer news and more to reflect that. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!FranceParis Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani has rejected an approach from David Beckham's new Major League Soccer franchise Inter Miami after reports he would become one of the former England captain's first big-name signings. (L'Equipe)One club who are still in the hunt for the 32-year-old Uruguayan are Atletico Madrid. They would like to sign PSG's all-time leading scorer on a free transfer when his contract expires. Manchester United, Inter, Juventus and former side Napoli are also on alert. (L'Equipe)Paris Saint-Germain have joined Barcelona, Real Madrid and a host of Premier League clubs in the race to sign Bayer Leverkusen's highly-rated German international Kai Havertz. (Le10Sport)Leeds United have joined Ligue 1 sides Lille and Marseille in the race to sign Al-Sadd's Algerian forward Baghdad Bounedjah. (Le Buteur)SpainLionel Messi has clarified his comments about not wanting a contract for life at Barcelona. It recently emerged the Argentine's deal allows him to leave for free at the end of each season.But the club captain says he has no intention of departing the Nou Camp. \"What I said was that I don't want a contract that binds me,\" Messi said. \"I don't want to be here if I'm not happy. I want to compete, perform and keep fighting for targets, not being here simply due to my contract.\" (Marca)Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has quashed talk he will sell Spanish midfielder Fabian Ruiz to one of La Liga's big two. \"Fabian Ruiz? Leave? As someone wrote, why should I sell him for &#8364;60m if they had offered me &#8364;180m?\" (AS)Teenage talent Pedri has revealed he could have joined Real Madrid before signing for Barcelona. The Las Palmas midfielder, 16, will join the Catalans in the summer and said: \"I had no luck [at Madrid]. I arrived the first day and I could not train for a snowfall, it was a brutal cold.\" (Sport)Italy Inter are concerned Manchester United will thwart their attempts to sign Nemanja Matic by triggering a one-year contract extension in the Serbian midfielder's contract. That would prevent the Nerazzurri agreeing a pre-contract with the 31-year-old in January. (Corriere dello Sport)Inter boss Antonio Conte is desperate to sign a midfielder in January and has made Barcelona's Ivan Rakitic and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic of Lazio his two primary targets. (Calciomercato)Chelsea are interested in Chievo Verona's 19-year-old midfielder Emanuel Vignato. The Italian Under-20 international is also being tracked by Bayern Munich, Milan and Internazionale. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Napoli forward Dries Mertens is hopeful of extending his contract with the Neapolitans but has been linked with moves to China and Borussia Dortmund. His deal expires next summer. (Sky in Italy)Napoli coach Carlo Ancelotti is keeping an eye on Fiorentina midfielder Gaetano Castrovilli. The 22-year-old has spent the last two seasons out on loan with Serie B side Cremonese and has starred for La Viola since the start of the season. (Calciomercato)Bundesliga rivals Borussia Dortmund and Schalke will go head-to-head for Atalanta's German full-back Robin Gosens. (Calciomercato)Germany Bayer Leverkusen are interested in bringing Real Madrid forward Lucas Vazquez to the Bundesliga. He's previously been linked with Arsenal and Milan. (Sport Bild)Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus says Tottenham Hotspur playmaker Christian Eriksen is not of the requisite level to play for his former club. \"For me he is not a player who helps the Bayern. If he's not good enough for Tottenham, he's not good enough for Bayern.\" (Sport1)TurkeyManchester United made an approach for Juventus' Turkish defender Merih Demiral this summer before deciding to sign Harry Maguire from Leicester City in a world-record deal for a defender. (Sporx)

Juventus striker Mario Mandzukic is not training with his team-mates due to an agreement he has with the club, says head coach Maurizio Sarri. Speaking ahead of Juventus' Serie A match against Bologna on Saturday, Sarri said: \"In this moment Mario Mandzukic is not training with the group due to an agreement he has with the club.\"Man Utd vs Liverpool: Ways to watchCharlie's Premier League predictionsMandzukic, who is a target for Manchester United in the January transfer window, attends Juventus' training centre but works apart from the first-team squad.Sky in Italy say Mandzukic, 33, who is yet to make an appearance for the Italian giants this season, will be available for transfer in January.United made a late move for the Croatia international at the end of the summer transfer window, after a move for his team-mate Paulo Dybala collapsed, but ended their pursuit on Deadline Day.Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the United manager, has this week told Sky Sports pundit - and former team-mate - Gary Neville that he is \"sure\" the club will bring in new a signing in January \"at the right price\". And speaking last month, Solskjaer made clear bringing in a striker was a priority after United's failure to replace Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez.Find out more about Sky SportsGrab a NOW TV Sky Sports Month Pass for just &#163;20 (usually &#163;33.99)\"You don't have to be a rocket scientist to know it's a forward we're going to try to recruit next time,\" Solskjaer said. \"We're looking for some creativity and goals, but they [potential signings] have to be the right one.\"There were strikers available [in the summer] but not the ones we wanted. We couldn't get the one we wanted.\"United considering Can bid in JanuaryUnited are considering a move for former Liverpool midfielder Emre Can in January, Sky Sports News understands.The 25-year-old Germany midfielder spent four seasons at Anfield before leaving on a free to join Italian club Juventus at the end of the 2017/18 campaign. It is understood Juventus would want in the region of &#163;35m for Can, who is yet to start under Sarri this season.Can, like Mandzukic, was omitted from Juventus' Champions League squad - despite receiving assurances he would be included.How to watch Premier League highlightsSign up for Sky Sports\"The fact that I am not in the Champions League squad is extremely shocking for me, mainly because I was promised something different last week,\" Can said in September.\"I had talks with other clubs [in the summer] and one of the conditions for me to stay was to be part of the Champions League squad. Then they phoned me and told me, in a conversation that didn't even last a minute, that I was not on the list and they didn't give an explanation.\"That makes me angry and furious, they haven't been honest with me. If I knew about it earlier, I would not have stayed at Juventus.\"Watch Man Utd vs Liverpool live on Sky SportsFollow the action from Old Trafford with our dedicated live blog or watch live coverage on Sky Sports Premier League from 3pm; Kick-off at 4.30pm. Highlights of the game will be published 15 minutes after full-time on the Sky Sports website and app plus the Sky Sports Football YouTube channel.

Neil Lennon would encourage Celtic players to walk off the pitch if they are ever subjected to racist abuse. The issue is back in the news following England's 6-0 win over Bulgaria on Monday, when England's players were racially abused throughout the Euro 2020 qualifying match.England's players twice considered walking off the pitch in protest but instead opted to follow UEFA's anti-racism protocols, with the referee asking for a public address announcement to be made ordering the abuse to stop.Should England have walked off?Bulgaria's racism row: The aftermathPartial stadium closure for Lazio vs CelticCeltic boss Lennon fears there could \"possibly\" be similar problems when the Hoops visit Lazio in the Europa League next month.The match will be played in a partially closed stadium after their fans were found guilty of racist behaviour by UEFA during the 2-1 Europa League victory over French club Rennes at the Stadio Olimpico.\"I wouldn't discourage any player from walking off the pitch if he is getting racially abused,\" Lennon said, preparing for the visit of Ross County in the Ladbrokes Premiership on Saturday.\"I would encourage it because at the end of the day it is pointing out there is a wrong and we all have to do a little bit more to prevent it. \"And for the individuals it is personal and it is very hurtful.\"UEFA'S three-step protocol was implemented in Bulgaria but not taken to its full conclusion of the match being abandoned.Much of the debate since has focused on whether or not Gareth Southgate's players should have taken matters into their own hands and walked off.Asked about the possibility of having to consider walking off in Rome, and his thoughts on that, Lennon said: \"It's a hypothetical question but we will cross that bridge when we come to it.\"We will be guided by the club and people behind the scenes before we take to the pitch, so it is difficult to say what we would do in those circumstances. \"We have had a few warnings about it before but thankfully there has been none of it manifest itself so far.\"I find it bitterly disappointing that some of the stadium is going to be closed.\"It is a real shame because it is a real glamour game for us, one we are all looking forward to, visiting Rome and playing against a great Italian side, so it has really taken away the sweetness of it all.\"Lennon was also dismayed after Celtic were fined 12,000 euros (&#163;10,400) by UEFA after their fans set off fireworks in the 2-0 Europa League win over Cluj earlier this month.It is the second such fine Celtic have received from the governing body this season after they were punished for fans setting off flares and throwing objects during the 4-1 Europa League play-off second-leg win over AIK in Stockholm in August.Lennon's advice to Celtic's supporters was simple.\"Stop it,\" he said. \"We have enough colour, atmosphere and noise in the stadium. We got fined again so it is not doing the club any good. I don't really see the attraction of pyrotechnics in the stadium.\"

Inter forward Alexis Sanchez has undergone surgery to his left ankle and will be out for the next three months, according to Sky in Italy. The Inter forward, on loan from Manchester United, sustained an injury during Chile's 0-0 draw with Colombia on Saturday, limping off the pitch in the 88th minute.He underwent medical investigations on Tuesday morning in Barcelona, with tests revealing the dislocation of the long peroneal tendon of his left ankle.\"Alexis Sanchez was in Barcelona this morning for consultation with Dr Ramon Cugat,\" read an Inter statement.\"The visit confirmed the diagnosis of the Inter medical staff and the decision was made to proceed with surgery on the left ankle.\"The operation was performed in the afternoon on the peroneus longus tendon and it went exactly as planned.\" Inter forward Sebastiano Esposito will not be called up to the FIFA U17 World Cup, starting on October 26, and will stay at Inter to provide back-up in Sanchez's absence.Sanchez, 30, has made four appearances and scored one goal since joining Inter on loan in August.
Our friends at <em>Football Whispers</em> have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories... Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkGermanyTottenham and Denmark midfielder Christian Eriksen \"is not good enough\" for Bayern Munich, according to club legend Lothar Matthaus. The Spurs midfielder has been linked with a move to Bavaria as a potential replacement for the on-loan Philippe Coutinho. (Sport 1)Spurs and Manchester United are among a number of clubs interested in Borussia Monchengladbach's Denis Zakaria. The 22-year-old midfielder is impressing under new manager Marco Rose and his performances aren't going unnoticed. (Bild)SpainDuring the international break, Paul Pogba met with Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane in Dubai. With Los Blancos still determined to add the World Cup winner to their ranks, talks of a potential move may well have been on the agenda of this opportune meeting. (Marca)The upcoming El Clasico match, set to take place on October 26, could be rescheduled due to civil unrest in the country. Initially, the proposal was to move the game to Madrid, however, a rearranged game in December now looks more likely. (AS)Tottenham Hotspur have identified Real Madrid's Isco as the man to replace Christian Eriksen if the Danish playmaker does depart for the Spanish capital in January. (El Desmarque)ItalyWolves have reignited their interest in AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie. The Premier League side made a late bid to sign the 22-year-old Ivory Coast international during the summer window but failed. The former Atalanta man is still on their wishlist and talks are underway to sign him when the window reopens. (Calciomercato)Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis has spoken out about Lorenzo Insigne's uncertain future after reports emerged claiming the forward was weighing up his options. \"I can't understand him, I don't understand why he is not entirely happy in Naples. He is a great player, I recognise him, but if he thinks his adventure with Naples is over here, then make an effort not to be misunderstood. He is one who has never had a good feeling with the coaches and I have never understood the reasons \". (Tuttosport)FranceReal Madrid want Fabian Ruiz and the player is eager to move to the Santiago Bernabeu. The Spanish playmaker is currently renegotiating his Napoli contract which will see a release clause of below &#8364;100m added to ensure a possibility of a move remains on the table. (Le10Sport)Paris Saint-Germain are looking to add Nice full-back Youcef Atal to their ranks. The versatile right-back has impressed since his move to France last summer and is largely considered to be one of the most exciting talents in Europe. Nice don't want to part with the 23-year-old but a big offer could be hard to refuse. (Le10Sport)
Our friends at <em>Football Whispers</em> have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories... Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkGermanyManchester United will look to sign Toni Kroos from Real Madrid in January with the Spanish outfit hopeful of working Paul Pogba into the negotiations. (BILD)RB Leipzig defender Dayot Upamecano has no plans to extend his contract which expires in the summer of 2021. Arsenal and Milan have been linked with a move for the 20-year-old, who would be available for &#8364;60m (&#163;52m) this summer thanks to a newly activated release clause in his contract. (Kicker)Borussia Dortmund 'keeper Roman Burki has thrown his weight behind under-fire coach Lucien Favre, claiming the club's players must do more. \"The coach is an excellent tactician who always tries to bring a health positivity in the dressing room,\" Burki said. \"He wants to make every single person a little better every day. We are a team, it is up to us players to come together.\" (BILD)SpainTottenham Hotspur could replace Christian Eriksen with Real Madrid outcast Isco. The Dane is wanted by Real in January. (El Desmarque)Bayern Munich will not pay the &#163;105m required to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent which will open the door for Premier League clubs to bring the Brazilian playmaker back to England. (AS)Arsenal have launched an offer for Real Madrid utility man Lucas Vazquez. They had previously been linked with the Spaniard in the summer. (El Desmarque)Villarreal vs Atletico Madrid will become the first LaL iga clash to be played abroad when the two teams meet in Miami in December. Barcelona vs Girona had been touted as a possible fixture to take to the US earlier this year but it was blocked. Now, Villarreal and Atletico have confirmed they will play their round-16 match in the States on December 8. (El Confidencial)ItalyMax Allegri could bring striker Mario Mandzukic and midfielder Emre Can with him from former club Juventus, if he is appointed as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's replacement at Manchester United. (Tuttosport)Internazionale are considering another Premier League raid in January with Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud their target. Antonio Conte wants another striker with Manchester United loanee Alexis Sanchez ruled out with an ankle injury. (Calciomercato)Milan made a record loss of &#8364;146m (&#163;126.6m) in the last financial year, some &#8364;50m (&#163;43.4m) more than they had expected. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot will not be leaving the Bianconeri this winter - despite reports the Frenchman could leave Turin after making just two Serie A starts following his summer switch from Paris Saint-Germain. (Calciomercato)FranceParis Saint-Germain will soon launch contract negotiations with star man Kylian Mbappe. The forward's current deal with the French champions runs until June 2022 but PSG want to ward off interest from Real Madrid. (Paris United)A friend of Edinson Cavani claims the Uruguayan striker has no intention of leaving PSG in January. The 32-year-old is out of contract in the summer and, according to reports, is just one player David Beckham is eyeing up for his new MLS franchise, Inter Miami. (L'Equipe)TurkeyGalatasaray are considering the possibility of ending Mario Lemina's season-long loan in January with the Gabonese struggling to impress in the Turkish Super Lig. (Fotomac)
Cristiano Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes claims the forward will surpass Pele as the \"best scorer in football history\" while at Juventus. The Portugal captain hit a landmark 700th career goal on Monday in his side's 2-1 defeat to Ukraine, and Mendes reiterated his belief that his client is the greatest player of all time.\"His numbers don't lie and light up the overwhelming way Cristiano Ronaldo shatters records, which elevate him to the category of best player in the history of football, with a big difference compared to the second [best] for all he achieved with the different clubs he represented, whether in England, Spain or now in Italy and also with the Portuguese national team,\" said Mendes.\"The fact is that with Cristiano Ronaldo, Portugal have already played in three finals, winning two of them.According to sports analytics company Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation, Ronaldo is sixth in the list of all-time goalscorers, trailing Pele by 67 goals but having played 179 matches more than the Brazilian.Topping the chart is Czech-Austrian striker Josef Bican, who scored 805 goals in 530 matches between 1931 and 1955. \"Cristiano has reached the remarkable milestone of 700 goals, but I have no doubt that he'll surpass Pele as the best scorer in football history, and he'll do it with Juventus.\"After all, 68 goals aren't a lot for this extraordinary Cristiano Ronaldo, are they? It's also because I'm convinced that his best is yet to come.\"Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici told Sky in Italy on Monday that Ronaldo will see through his contract at the club, which expires in June 2022.
Our friends at <em>Football Whispers</em> have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories... Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkSpainBarcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is considering a move to Juventus or Manchester United, with the 31-year-old having fallen down the pecking order at the Spanish club. The Croatia international has lost his place to Frenkie de Jong in Ernesto Valverde's starting XI. (Marca)After signing Thibaut Courtois and Eden Hazard in recent seasons, Real Madrid are preparing another raid on Chelsea as they hope to add N'Golo Kante to their ranks.The La Liga leaders are prepared to part with &#163;86m and 28-year-old Colombia midfielder James Rodriguez to tempt the Premier League side into selling. (El Desmarque)Barcelona are keeping a close eye on 17-year-old wonderkid Karim Adeyemi. The Red Bull Salzburg forward has been in fine form for the U19s this season and the Austrians are open to selling him if their &#8364;8m valuation is met. (Mundo Deportivo)Philippe Coutinho could still return to Liverpool. With Bayern Munich unsure as to whether to make his loan move from Barcelona permanent - Christian Eriksen is being considered as a cheaper alternative - Coutinho could return to Anfield when the season comes to an end if the Premier League leaders put forward an offer for their former No.10. (AS) GermanyReal Madrid may shelve plans to sign Paul Pogba given the impressive performances of Federico Valverde. The 21-year-old midfielder has struck up an understanding with Eden Hazard and is repaying Zinedine Zidane's faith in him. (Sport1)ItalyIn an attempt to ward off any interest from Barcelona, Inter are working on a new deal for striker Lautaro Martinez. If the 22-year-old, named as a potential successor to Luis Suarez at the Camp Nou, signs the improved contract, his release clause would rise to &#163;96m. (Tuttosport) AC Milan tried to sign Dani Ceballos in the summer but refused to pay the loan fee required to land the Spanish playmaker. The former Real Betis star eventually moved to Arsenal on a season-long loan despite his preferred choice being a move to San Siro. (Calciomercato)FranceReal Madrid have entered the race to sign former Arsenal academy starlet Donyell Malen. The 20-year-old is tearing up the Eredivisie this term and is already being courted by Liverpool and Barcelona. Real are keeping tabs on the &#163;50m-rated forward as they plot their summer moves. (Le10Sport)
Alexis Sanchez has been diagnosed with a dislocated ankle and tendon damage, Inter Milan have confirmed. The Manchester United forward, on loan at the Serie A side, is still waiting to learn whether he requires surgery after sustaining the injury on Saturday during Chile's goalless draw with Colombia in Alicante.\"Alexis Sanchez underwent medical tests earlier [on Tuesday] morning at the Humanitas Institute in Rozzano,\" Inter said on their official website.\"Results revealed a joint dislocation in his left ankle which has caused damage to the peroneus longus tendon.\"The player will meet for further consultations with Professor Ramon Cugat in Barcelona on Wednesday, where they will seek to reach a decision on whether surgical intervention is necessary.\"Chile coach Reinaldo Rueda said on Monday that Sanchez could be sidelined for up to three months. \"He could end up under the knife,\" Rueda told a news conference. \"Inter, his club, will decide. We could lose him for two or three months. It's a shame because he had started playing again with Inter and scored two goals, while also playing in the Champions League.\"He was happy and super motivated. Now we have to wait for these decisive hours.\" Sanchez joined Inter on a season-long loan in August after failing to impress at Old Trafford and has scored once in four appearances for the Italian club.His solitary goal came in Inter's 3-1 win at Sampdoria last month before he was sent off in the same game for a second yellow card.
Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. FranceTo keep him in the French capital, Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to offer Kylian Mbappe an improved, blockbuster contract. This new deal would see his stay in Ligue 1 extended until 2024 and his net salary rise to &#8364;50m per annum. (Le10Sport)Juventus are prepared to part with Adrien Rabiot despite only signing the French midfielder in the summer. Manager Maurizio Sarri wants Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen, and the Serie A leaders could offer Rabiot to Spurs in exchange for the Denmark international. (Le 10 Sport)SpainReal Madrid know Luka Modric isn't going to play forever and have already drawn up a list of potential replacements. Sitting atop that wishlist is Napoli playmaker Fabian Ruiz. The 23-year-old has impressed in Italy since his &#8364;30m move from Real Betis and he's also being watched by Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal. (AS)Giuseppe Rossi has returned to Villarreal to train with the squad as he looks to improve his fitness ahead of a potential January move. The former Yellow Submarine star is a free agent after leaving Genoa in 2018 and wants a return to football. (AS)ItalyAC Milan are considering a January move for Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny. The 27-year-old is currently on loan at Besiktas but the Serie A side could move to land the Egypt international when the window reopens in an attempt to solidify their midfield. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Inter are in the market for a midfielder and a back-up forward in January. After failing to land Edin Dzeko, Antonio Conte is plotting a raid on his former club Chelsea to bring Olivier Giroud to San Siro. The French forward has recently revealed he is frustrated by his lack of playing time at Stamford Bridge. (Calciomercato)Edinson Cavani has offered himself to Juventus. The Uruguayan international's contract expires at the end of the season and despite being in talks with Paris Saint-Germain for some time, a new deal has yet to be agreed upon. The 32-year-old is open to a return to Italy and has reached out to those in Turin. (Calciomercato)

Our friends at Football Whispers have sifted through the European media to find the best transfer news and the latest news stories. GermanyBayern Munich are preparing to battle it out with Real Madrid for the signature of Christian Eriksen. The Spurs playmaker's current deal expires in June and he's free to sign a pre-contract agreement in January. The Bavarian giants see the Denmark international as a cheaper alternative to on-loan Philippe Coutinho and the belief is he would be open to moving to Germany. (Sport 1)Bayern's CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes wantaway forward Thomas Muller will stay beyond the January transfer window, despite the fact the versatile attacker is unhappy about his lack of playing time recently. Rummenigge said Bayern \"do not fear a departure of the 30-year-old in winter.\" (SportBild)SpainBarcelona are already plotting their next big-money move. After failing to land Neymar during the summer transfer window, the recruitment team at Camp Nou are returning to the drawing board. Despite his impressive performances for Liverpool, Roberto Firmino isn't a preferred option. Instead, it's Kylian Mbappe and Harry Kane who top the list of dream signings for the club. (Mundo Deportivo)Manchester United are exploring the possibility of signing Ivan Rakitic when the transfer window reopens in January. Barcelona are open to the idea of letting the 31-year-old Croatia international leave. (Sport)Adding a right-back to their squad is a priority for the reigning La Liga champions. Ernesto Valverde is a fan of the incumbent Nelson Semedo but, beyond him, Barca lack genuine depth in that area with the former Athletic Bilbao coach believing Sergi Roberto is a midfielder. (Marca)Italy The agent of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has not ruled out the 27-year-old Italy international returning to Serie A in the near future. Despite carving out a role for himself in Frank Lampard's XI, the former Napoli man wouldn't be against returning to the Italian league if an opportunity presented itself. (Radio Sportiva)Inter are plotting for life without Samir Handanovic between the sticks. The 35-year-old is still impressive in goal at San Siro but, sooner rather than later, he'll need to be replaced. Udinese's Juan Musso is the favourite but Atalanta's Pierluigi Gollini is also being looked at. (Calciomercato)France France manager Didier Deschamps has revealed Karim Benzema won't be returning to the national team squad, despite his impressive performances for Real Madrid this season. \"It's a sporting decision, I simply think that his selection would not be good for the national team. Thinking about things in terms of what's best for the French national team and what the shirt represents, that's it. I'm not saying it would be bad but just that it's an option I'm not looking at.\" (Le10Sport)Unhappy about his lack of playing time, Chelsea forward Olivier Giroud has refused to criticise manager Frank Lampard. The France international \"cannot accept\" his lack of playing time but is determined to fight for his place in the starting XI. (Le Pelerin)PortugalTottenham Hotspur are set to renew their interest in Sporting Lisbon's Bruno Fernandes when the transfer window reopens in January. The 25-year-old was a summer transfer target for the beaten Champions League finalists while Manchester United also held an interest in the prolific midfielder. (A Bola)
Chelsea midfielder Jorginho \"will always have the desire\" to return to Serie A in Italy, according to the player's agent Joao Santos. The 24-year-old Italy international followed Maurizio Sarri in joining Chelsea from Napoli last year, but after just one season in which he led the Blues to the Europa League title and Carabao Cup final, Sarri left and returned to Serie A to take charge of champions Juventus.Transfer Centre LIVE!Euro papers: Mandzukic to United?Jorginho featured in all but one of Chelsea's Premier League fixtures last term and remains in Frank Lampard's plans this season, but agent Santos said Jorginho, who won the Coppa Italia and Supercoppa Italiana with Napoli, would be open to a return to Serie A in the future.\"Anything is possible in football, he will always have the desire to come back,\" Santos told Radio Sportiva.\"He acquired valuable experience in the Premier League and he would give a big contribution in Serie A. He could play for two or three sides that fight for the title.\"Santos admitted that Jorginho has \"learned a lot\" playing under both Sarri and Lampard, benefiting from \"a very intense type of football\" at Chelsea. \"It's been a positive year for him [Jorginho],\" he added. \"He's doing well in the national team and can play the Euros. He always scores from a penalty, I'm very happy for him as he works hard and seriously every day.\"His debut with [former Italy boss Giampiero] Ventura surely wasn't positive, but he slowly secured a spot in the starting eleven.\"Playing at Chelsea counts for a lot, it's a very intense type of football and he learned a lot with Sarri and Lampard.\"I think Jorginho will do very well in the Euros and why not, in the following World Cup as well. Besides, there are not many chances in the national team and you need to be ready to star in each game.\"
International football takes centre stage this week but across Europe clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.&#160; Our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!Paper TalkPortugalTottenham will renew their efforts to sign Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes in January. The 25-year-old Portugal international was heavily linked with the North Londoners during the summer. (A Bola)SpainReal Madrid president Florentino Perez still dreams of signing Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain next summer. Perez does not expect the French World Cup winner to extend his contract - which currently runs until 2022 - and that would enable Real to pounce. (OK Diario)Barcelona are ready to sell midfielder Ivan Rakitic this summer after he fell out of favour at the Camp Nou. Barca rejected an offer from Juventus in the summer but would be willing to reconsider any proposals in January. (AS)Fellow Croatian Luka Modric could be on the move too. Real Madrid are prepared to sell the 34-year-old to the right opponent and PSG are interested in offering Modric one last big contract. (Diario Gol)On-loan Wolverhampton Wanderers defender Jesus Vallejo says Real Madrid suggested moving to England on a temporary basis having previously played in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Frankfurt. \"I talked to Jony and Adama (Traore) and Real Madrid strongly recommended me to come here,\" the 22-year-old explained. (AS)Gareth Bale has reassured Real Madrid he is fine despite picking up a knee injury in Wales' 1-1 draw against Slovakia on Thursday. The 30-year-old is expected to be fit to face team-mate Modric in another European Championships qualifier against Croatia on Sunday. (AS)Spain head coach Roberto Moreno says Barcelona's 16-year-old prodigy Ansu Fati could be part of his squad for next summer's European Championships. \"I'm not ruling out the fact that he could play at Euro 2020. It would be foolish to say that he will not go,\" Moreno admitted. (Marca) ItalyArsenal have opened talks with star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang over a new contract at the Emirates Stadium. The 30-year-old's current deal runs until 2023 but the Gunners are keen to tie the Gabonese down for longer. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Juventus will offer midfielder Miralem Pjanic a new deal in a bid to ward off interested clubs. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City and Manchester United are all reportedly monitoring the 29-year-old. (Calciomercato)Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain head the queue for out-of-favour Juventus midfielder Emre Can. The 25-year-old was left out of the Juve's Champions League squad in the summer and it was believed he wanted to leave Turin as a result. (Calciomercato) Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are keeping tabs on Napoli midfielder Elif Elmas. The 20-year-old moved from Fenerbahce to Naples this summer and has impressed in seven outings for the Partenopei. (Calciomercato)Milan will up their interest in RB Leipzig defender Dayot Upamecano next summer. The powerful French defender was linked with Arsenal in the summer, but the Gunners could not match RBL's asking price. (Calciomercato)Former Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco - another one-time Arsenal target - says he misses Europe 'every day' after leaving Atletico Madrid for Chinese Super League outfit Dalian Yifang in 2018 and would like to return. Milan and Inter are interested. (Calciomercato) GermanyBayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge insists he has no issue with Thomas Muller's unhappiness at a lack of game time and says the German's relationship with the club is fine. \"If Thomas sat contentedly on the bench, he would be in the wrong club,\" Rummenigge said. \"The relationship between Thomas and Bayern is totally intact.\" (Kicker)FranceThe French Football Association are preparing to offer current Les Bleus head coach Didier Deschamps a new contract. The 50-year-old is expected to sign a two-year extension which will take him through to the end of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. (L'Equipe)Guingamp manager Jocelyn Gourvennec is a surprise candidate for the vacant manager's role at Lyon. OL sacked Sylvinho this week after a poor start to the season. Laurent Blanc and Rudi Garcia had been the frontrunners until now. (Le Parisien)Former Monaco and France winger Ludovic Giuly says it is his 'dream' to coach Les Monegasques. The 43-year-old said: \"The dream is to learn here and to go through all the stages and train AS Monaco. Of course it's my dream. It may not be the owner's and I respect because there is someone in place and I do not have the ability to do it yet.\" (Le10Sport)


International football takes centre stage this week but across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.&#160; Our friends at Football Whispers have rounded up all the latest news and gossip from the continent...Transfer Centre LIVE!Get all the latest transfer news herePaper TalkSpainReal Madrid are interested in Red Bull Salzburg attacker Erling Haaland, who has stolen the headlines this season with an incredible 18 goals in just 11 games for the Austrian side. Manchester United are also keen on the Leeds-born forward. (AS)Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has revealed Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is the coach he admires most. \"Jurgen Klopp, no doubt. He suffered defeats, but he also won titles - all with the same style. He's very close to his players.\" (Cadena Ser)Simeone also admitted the loss of Lucas Hernandez to Bayern Munich this summer was the exit which hurt him the most, despite seeing Antoine Griezmann, Diego Godin and Juanfran depart the Wanda Metropolitano too. \"Every situation is different. What has hurt us the most is Lucas, because he was ours, from the quarry, like Saul or Koke. Thomas, it's extraordinary because we've been working with him for five years. Lucas was coming that way.\" (AS)Real Madrid will make an attempt to sign out-of-contract Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen in January before his deal expires next summer. (Marca)ItalySerie A strugglers AC Milan are considering moves for Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny and Chelsea outcast Baba Rahman in January. Elneny is on loan at Besiktas, while Rahman is with Mallorca. (Calciomercato)Former Leicester City, Fulham and Chelsea boss Claudio Ranieri will become the new manager of Sampdoria. The 2016 Premier League winner will earn &#163;2m per year and his deal will automatically renew if he keeps the Genoese side up. (Calciomercato)Lazio are targeting Hellas Verona midfielder Sofyan Amrabat in January. The 25-year-old Algeria international is on loan from Club Brugge and Hellas have a permanent option on him. (Sport Mediaset)Real Madrid midfielder Isco will leave the Bernabeu this summer, tired at a lack of first-team opportunities. He has made just three La Liga appearances this season totalling 104 minutes. (Calciomercato) Paris Saint-Germain will look to capitalise on the fact talks between Napoli and their Polish midfielder Piotr Zielinski have stalled with an offer in January. (Calciomercato)Chelsea are keen on PSV Eindhoven's highly-rated Netherlands international Mohamed Ihattaren. The Blues, however, cannot sign anyone until next summer owing to their registration ban. (Calciomercato)FranceNeymar's hopes of re-joining Barcelona are no close to being realised. The Brazilian had told Barca he would withdraw his legal case against them over an unpaid bonus if the Catalans agreed they would re-sign him, but Barca remain reluctant to commit to the 27-year-old at this stage. (Le10Sport) Juventus could include Adrien Rabiot as a makeweight in their attempts to sign Eriksen from Tottenham. The French midfielder has featured sparingly under Maurizio Sarri after leaving PSG for Turin in the summer. (Le10Sport)GermanyBayern Munich have made enquiries about Tottenham's wantaway midfielder Eriksen. The Dane can strike a pre-contract agreement with foreign clubs in January. (Sport1)Norwich City are interested in signing striker Kwasi Okyere Wriedt from Bayern Munich in January. The 25-year-old Ghanaian international has featured just twice at first-team level since joining in 2017 but has been prolific for Die Bayern's second string. (Bild)


International football takes centre stage this week but, across Europe, clubs will be analysing their squads and identifying areas they would like to strengthen in the January transfer window.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round-up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid are prepared to pay &#163;25m for Christian Eriksen in January rather than risk the midfielder signing a new contract with Tottenham during the second half of the season. (Marca) Erling Haaland's list of suitors continues to swell with Real Madrid interested in the Red Bull Salzburg striker. The 19-year-old has scored 18 goals in 11 games this term and has been linked with Juventus, Manchester United, Liverpool and several other top sides. (AS) Ivan Rakitic admits he could leave Barcelona in January after losing his place in the starting XI. \"I want the best for Barcelona and I want to fight to make sure I'm ready when the team needs me. But if I see that things don't change, I'll talk to the club.\" (AS) Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz is being monitored by Barcelona and Real Madrid but neither is prepared to pay &#163;70m for the Germany international. (Mundo Deportivo) Germany Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke offered Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp the chance to return to the German club in the summer of 2018. \"I knew Jurgen would [decline] - he will fulfil his contract in Liverpool. But I would not have forgiven myself for not asking him at that moment.\" (Bild)Emre Can is unhappy at Juventus due to his lack of first-team football this season and the club's decision to omit him from their Champions League squad. \"I'm not happy right now,\" he said. \"I haven't had a chance this season but I hope that when I return that will change.\" (Bild)ItalySampdoria are set to appoint Claudio Ranieri as their new head coach. The Italian has been out of work since leaving Roma at the end of last season. (Tuttosport) Dries Mertens and Jose Callejon are set to leave Napoli next summer when their contracts with the Serie A side expire. Both have been offered new deals by the Serie A club but neither have been convinced to sign. (Tuttosport) Mertens will explore the possibility of a move to MLS next summer but the Belgian could have a lucrative offer to join the Chinese Super League in January. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Lautaro Martinez will sign a new contract with Inter Milan despite interest from Barcelona. \"He is very happy at Inter and will soon sign a new contract with the club,\" the striker's agent Beto Yaque said. \"He is not thinking about anything else.\" (CalcioMercato) FranceLaurent Blanc, Rudi Garcia and Santos manager Jorge Sampaoli are all in the running to take over at Lyon, who sacked Sylvinho this week after a wretched start to the campaign. (L'Equipe) 
AC Milan have appointed Stefano Pioli as their new head coach on a two-year deal. Pioli replaces Marco Giampaolo, who was sacked on Tuesday after just 111 days in charge - the shortest reign of any manager in the club's history.A club statement read: \"AC Milan announces the appointment with immediate effect of Mr Stefano Pioli as the new coach of the First Team.\"Born in October 1965 in Parma, Stefano Pioli began his career as a coach in 1999. His first coaching experience in Serie A was at Parma in 2006.\"He then went on to coach several other Serie A Clubs: Chievo Verona, Palermo, Bologna, Lazio and Inter Milan, before moving to Fiorentina in 2017. Stefano Pioli now joins AC Milan on a two-year agreement.\"The club wishes Stefano and his coaching staff all the best in their work.\"
AC Milan have fired head coach Marco Giampaolo, making his tenure in charge the shortest of any manager in club history. Giampaolo was only hired in June as a replacement for Gennaro Gattuso, who stepped down as Milan boss after a fifth-place finish meant the club missed out on the Champions League.However, Milan have lost four of their seven Serie A matches this season under Giampaolo.\"AC Milan announces it has relieved Mr. Marco Giampaolo from his position as coach of the first team,\" the club said in a statement on its website. \"The club is grateful to Marco for the work carried out and wishes him all the best to come in his professional career.\"Italian media said Milan are expected to replace Giampaolo with Stefano Pioli, who has previously coached city rivals Inter Milan.Pioli, a self-confessed Inter fan, coached the Nerazzurri during the 2016-17 season but was fired in May of that campaign after losing 10 out of 27 matches.It is the second coaching change in two days in Serie A after Eusebio Di Francesco left Sampdoria by mutual consent on Monday. Di Francesco replaced Giampaolo in the summer.
The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyManchester United have a verbal agreement with Mario Mandzukic to sign the striker from Juventus in the January transfer window. (Tuttosport) Juventus and Napoli are the latest clubs to show interest in Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Haaland. The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European sides after a hugely impressive start to the campaign. (Corriere dello Sport) Inter Milan could make an offer for Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic in January. The Serbian's contract expires next summer, although United have the option to extend it for a further year. (FCInterNews)Napoli made an approach for Genk midfielder Sander Berge in the summer, the club's president Peter Croonen has revealed. \"Napoli asked for information,\" he said. \"I think the figures that have been mentioned, around &#163;18-22m, is a fair valuation.\" (Radio Kiss Kiss)SpainTottenham will look to sell Christian Eriksen for &#163;30m in January rather than losing the Dane for nothing when his contract expires next summer. Real Madrid are set to hold talks with the Premier League club in the coming weeks over a winter transfer. (AS) Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga has admitted he would like to end his career with Athletic Bilbao, the club he left to join the Blues in 2018. (AS) Sergio Ramos would like to represent Spain at next year's Olympic Games, which begins just ten days after the 2020 European Championships final. \"I admire Ramos and am delighted he wants to be with us,\" Spain Under-21 Luis de la Fuente coach said. (El Transistor)FranceJose Mourinho has turned down the chance to take over at Lyon as the Portuguese coach is holding out for a Premier League job. (RMC Sport) Lyon have turned their attention to Laurent Blanc and plan to hold talks with the former France and Paris Saint-Germain manager today. (RMC Sport) GermanyBayern Munich star Thomas Muller had offers from Inter Milan, AC Milan and China in the summer but chose to remain with the Bundesliga giants. However, the Raumdeuter is now prepared to leave the club over a lack of playing time. (Kicker) Schalke will offer Alexander Nubel a &#163;60,000-a-week contract - which will contain a buyout clause - to try to convince the goalkeeper against moving to Bayern Munich when his current deal expires next summer.  (Kicker) Turkey Fenerbahce have held talks with Arsenal in an attempt to sign Mesut Ozil on loan from the Gunners in January. The German star has played just 142 minutes for the Premier League side this season. (Takvim)BelgiumDries Mertens will not be lured away from Europe by a lucrative contract if he leaves Napoli at the end of the season: \"I don't see myself signing for a club in China or Qatar. I hope to play for as long as possible in Europe at the highest level.\" (RBTF) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe. ItalyPaul Pogba will not renew his contract at Manchester United. The midfielder's current deal expires in 2021 and he is prepared to force a move away from Old Trafford. (Tuttosport) Juventus are prepared to offer Manchester United Mario Mandzukic and Emre Can in January in exchange for Pogba. (Tuttosport) Zlatan Ibrahimovic has refused to rule out a return to Europe when his LA Galaxy contract expires in December. \"I know I could still make a difference, in Italy and in other countries. I'd do better than the players who are there now. My contract expires in December and I don't know what will happen after that.\" (Sky Italia) Gennaro Gattuso is in talks to take over at Sampdoria after the former midfielder turned down the chance to join Genoa. (Sky Italia) GermanyShkodran Mustafi feels he has become a target for abuse from Arsenal fans. \"I'm self-critical enough to realise I made mistakes; I can deal with tough criticism. But it's escalated and became irrational. I've become a target. At one point, people blamed me for a defeat I had not even played in.\" (Der Spiegel)Mustafi is open to a move away from the Emirates in January. \"The next move is extremely important, it needs to be a positive chapter in my career,\" he says. \"I am open-minded about my future, the Bundesliga is possible.\" (Der Spiegel)Thomas Muller wants to leave Bayern Munich in January after the German star lost his place in Niko Kovac's side to Philippe Coutinho. Muller has been a substitute for Bayern's last five matches. (Bild) Borussia Dortmund are the latest club to show interest in signing Celtic's 16-year-old starlet Karamoko Dembele. The Bundesliga giants would face competition from Arsenal, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain. (Bild) SpainLionel Messi expected Neymar to join Real Madrid after Barcelona failed to re-sign the Brazilian from PSG. \"I felt if Neymar didn't come, he'd go to Madrid. He wanted to leave Paris and I thought Florentino [Perez] and Madrid would do something to sign him.\" (RAC1)  Barcelona are set to open contract talks with Marc-Andre ter Stegen and will offer the German a long-term deal to keep him at the Camp Nou. (Marca) Real Madrid and Barcelona will go head to head in the race to sign Fabian Ruiz from Napoli next summer. The Spain international has also been linked with a move to Liverpool. (Mundo Deportivo) FranceLille have received several offers for striker Victor Osimhen - who only joined the Ligue 1 side in the summer - and the 20-year-old could leave in January if a substantial bid is received. (Le10Sport) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160;&#160; SpainZinedine Zidane still wants Real Madrid to spend big to sign Paul Pogba next summer despite the Manchester United star's disappointing start to the season and the emergence of Federico Valverde. (Marca) James Rodriguez will not join up with Colombia for their friendlies against Chile and Algeria as the Real Madrid midfielder wants to remain in Spain and win over Los Blancos coach Zidane. (Marca) Real Madrid could be without Toni Kross for the Clasico on October 26 after the German limped off against Granada with a muscle injury. The German midfielder had played all but eight minutes of Los Blancos' opening 10 fixtures. (Mundo Deportivo) Espanyol are set to sack David Gallego and will turn to former Girona and Sevilla coach Pablo Machin. (RAC 1) ItalyPaulo Dybala reiterated he never wanted to leave Juventus in the summer after scoring in the Serie A champions' 2-1 win over Inter. \"I've always been clear, my preference was always to stay here,\" said the former Manchester United and Tottenham target. (Rai Sport)AC Milan are likely to sack Marco Giampaolo despite picking up a 2-1 win against Genoa. Luciano Spalletti, Stefano Pioli, Rudi Garcia, Claudio Ranieri and Gennaro Gattuso are the candidates to take charge. (Sky Italia) Ranieri and Pioli are also wanted by Sampdoria and Genoa as the two clubs consider managerial changes during the international break. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund have opted against sacking Lucien Favre during the international break but have identified former RB Leipzig coach Ralf Rangnick as a potential replacement for the Swiss coach. (Bild) Schalke goalkeeper and captain Alexander Nubel has decided to join Bayern Munich next summer when his contract expires. (Bild) France Lyon head coach Sylvinho faces the sack after defeat to St Etienne in the Rhone-Alpes derby compounded their poor start to the season. \"This is not enough,\" Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas said. \"We have to think and (sporting director) Juninho must tell us what he wants to do.\" (L'Equipe) Claude Puel wants to make Hatem Ben Arfa, who is currently a free agent, his first signing at St Etienne. The former Leicester City boss was appointed by Les Verts on Friday. (JDD)Switzerland Xherdan Shaqiri is happy at Liverpool despite his limited playing time at Anfield: \"Apart from the fact I'd like to play more, I'm happy. I have a certain status in the squad because I'm one of the more experienced players. I feel I'm one of the leaders.\" (Schweizer-Illustrierte)
Gonzalo Higuain's late winner won Juventus the Derby d'Italia as the Serie A champions inflicted Inter Milan's first domestic defeat of the season. Paulo Dybala opened the scoring inside the first four minutes with a left-footed strike, before Lautaro Martinez equalised for the hosts with a penalty awarded for handball by Matthijs De Ligt.A nervy second half reached its summit when Cristiano Ronaldo teed up Higuain, and the Argentine kept his cool to strike past Samir Handanovic and bring Juve back into the lead with 10 minutes to go.The guests held on for a famous win, as Inter suffered their first domestic defeat of the season and saw the Serie A champions leapfrog them to go top after seven games played.How Juventus won the Derby d'ItaliaRomelu Lukaku handed Inter a major boost as he returned to the starting XI to line up alongside Martinez after missing their midweek clash with Barcelona due to a quad injury.Juventus coach Maurizio Sarri made one change in attack, as he replaced in-form striker Higuain with Dybala, while sticking with a 4-3-3 formation instead of bringing in Aaron Ramsey as an attacking midfielder.The game got off to a flying start as Dybala won possession in the Inter half and dribbled his way to the box before unleashing a strike that flew between Milan Skriniar's legs and past Handanovic to give Juve an early lead.Ronaldo could have added a second not long after as he spectacularly cut in from the left and dummied two defenders but his drive crashed off the crossbar and back into play.Inter grabbed a deserved equaliser when De Ligt goofily hit a Danilo D'Ambrosio cross with his elbow and gave away a penalty, which Martinez coolly dispatched to bring Inter back on level terms.Ronaldo thought he brought his side back in front when he hit the back of the net with a strike from the edge of the box - but the referee chalked off the goal for an offside by Dybala in the build-up.The first half brought plenty of chances and entertainment, but the second half started off on a slower rhythm as the two teams brought down the tempo to a more tactical approach. Dybala squandered a good chance by missing the target four yards out, before Marcelo Brozovic's deflected strike looked to have been heading in but curled away from goal and clipped the near post.Higuain entered the fray with half an hour to go and left a mark with his first chance of the game - a great piece of team play saw Miralem Pjanic's defence-splitting pass find Ronaldo, who slid in Higuain for a one-on-one, and the super-sub emphatically finished off the move to bring Juventus back into the lead with 10 minutes to go.Just like two seasons ago, a late Higuain strike stole the show at San Siro as Juventus held on to prove their title credentials in their bid for a ninth successive Serie A crown.Inter suffered a halt to their perfect start to the league season after winning six games out of six, while Juventus took control of the Serie A table by leapfrogging their rivals by a point.Inter coach Antonio Conte lost to his first game since taking charge of the club - and coincidentally his first defeat while at Juventus came against Inter.Man of the match: Paulo DybalaBrought in at the 11th hour for Higuain - who proved to be Ronaldo's perfect striking partner - Dybala did not disappoint Sarri's trust in him, breaking Inter's dogged defence with his first shot of the game. He looked inspired and confident on the ball, always dangerous in the final third and showed a brilliant chemistry with his team-mates despite recently losing his starting spot to his fellow Argentine Higuain .Dybala proved to Sarri there shouldn't be any reason he should be overlooked in anyone's favour. The 25-year-old is one of the most technically gifted players in the squad and on a good day, he is a thorn in the flesh of any back-line in Europe - including the best one in the league, which conceded only two goals in six outings before the Juve star ran the show in their own backyard.
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as nine-man Barcelona beat Sevilla 4-0 on Sunday to climb into second place in La Liga behind Real Madrid. The hosts rode their luck in the early stages of the game as Julen Lopetegui's Sevilla made an ambitious start but failed to take their chances while Barcelona were ruthlessly efficient and scored three times in the space of eight first-half minutes.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableLuis Suarez gave the champions the lead with an outstanding bicycle kick in the 27th minute and Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal then got a crucial touch on a tame shot from Arthur Melo to double Barcelona's lead in the 32nd minute.Ousmane Dembele, who was named in the starting line-up ahead of Antoine Griezmann, made it 3-0 in the 35th minute with a superb solo dribble and finish.Barcelona captain Messi scored from a free kick in the 78th momite to finally get off the mark in a season which has been blighted by injuries but there was a sour end to the game for Ernesto Valverde's side, who are two points behind Real.Uruguayan defender Ronald Araujo had made his debut by replacing the injured Jean-Clair Todibo but was sent off 14 minutes later for a last-ditch challenge on Javier Hernandez, while Dembele was dismissed for protesting the decision.Atletico Madrid lost ground to La Liga leaders Real Madrid as they were held to a 0-0 draw away to Real Valladolid - their third goalless draw in four games - after the hosts squandered a penalty in the first half.Valladolid striker Sandro Ramirez sent the ball flying over the crossbar from the spot towards the end of a tight first half and came close to breaking the deadlock in the second when his shot shaved the post.Atletico were the better side after the interval and striker Alvaro Morata was denied at point-blank range by Valladolid's goalkeeper Jordi Matip, while substitute Angel Correa hit the post with 10 minutes remaining.Iago Aspas broke his seven-game scoring drought to start the season and gave Celta Vigo a much-needed 1-0 win over Athletic Bibao. Aspas headed in in the 74th-minute winner.Espanyol fell into second-to-last place after losing 2-0 at promoted Mallorca with Ante Budimir and Salva Sevillthe scorers in each half. Getafe were also 2-1 winners against Real Sociedad.Bundesliga - Gladbach go top Borussia Monchengladbach moved top of the Bundesliga with their fourth straight win as they routed Augsburg 5-1 on Sunday.Gladbach surged into a three goal lead in 13 minutes. Marcus Thuram surged forward and cut the ball back for Denis Zakaria (2) before Patrick Herrmann (8) scored in similar fashion - when Alassane Plea pulled the ball back - and the two combined again to make it 3-0 five minutes later.A mistake from Augsburg goalkeeper Tomas Koubek gifted Plea the fourth goal in the 39th minute as he tripped over his own feet as he attempted to control Felix Uduokhai's back pass and couldn't stop a grateful Plea from scoring.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesAugsburg one back in the 81st minute through Florian Niederlechner, who scored the rebound after Sommer saved Fredrik Jensen's effort.But Herrmann set up Breel Embolo for Gladbach's fifth two minutes later. They are now one point ahead of second-place Wolfsburg and two points clear of Bayern Munich.Wout Weghorst's 69th-minute strike was enough for Wolfsburg to defeat promoted Union Berlin 1-0 at home. Wolfsburg remains the only unbeaten team in the league, while Union dropped to the relegation zone.Eintracht Frankfurt were also held to a 2-2 draw at home by Werder Bremen. Andre Silva thought he had scored Frankfurt's winning goal in the 88th minute, but the visitors had time to equalise with Milot Rashica's converted penalty.Serie A - Napoli held to goalless draw Napoli lost ground on the Serie A leaders as they were held to a goalless draw at Torino. In a game of few clear chances, Napoli substitute Fernando Llorente probably wasted the best, late in the game.Carlo Ancelotti's men are fourth in the table with 13 points from seven games while Torino are ninth.Juventus beat Inter Milan 2-1 to leapfrog their opponents to the top of Serie A by a point. Gonzalo Higuain scored an 80th minute winner at the San Siro. Atalanta marked their first match in their newly renovated stadium with a dominant 3-1 victory over Lecce. Duvan Zapata and Alejandro \"Papu\" Gomez gave Atalanta a comfortable half-time lead, which was extended by Robin Gosens, shortly after the interval.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesIt would have been more but for the heroics of Lecce goalkeeper Gabriel. Lecce defender Fabio Lucioni netted a consolation late on for his first Serie A goal.Bologna and Lazio played out an eventful 2-2 draw that saw two red cards and a missed penalty. All the goals were scored in the first half with Italy forward Ciro Immobile equalising twice for Lazio.Immobile had already been substituted when Lazio was awarded a late penalty after Francesco Acerbi was tripped by Rodrigo Palacio, but Joaquin Correa fired his spot kick onto the crossbar.Lazio midfielder Lucas Leiva was sent off in the 59th minute and Bologna counterpart Gary Medel followed him 10 minutes later.Roma also drew, 1-1 at home to Cagliari, while Fiorentina beat Udinese 1-0.Ligue 1 - Puel wins first St Etienne gameSecond-half substitute Robert Beric struck late to give St Etienne a 1-0 home win against bitter rivals Lyon in Claude Puel's first game in charge.Beric found the back of the net in the final minute to lift St Etienne up to 13th in the standings, two points and one spot ahead of Lyon, whose winless streak in the league stretched to seven games.Lyon finished the game with 10 men after defender Leo Dubois limped off the pitch 10 minutes from time with coach Sylvinho having already made his three substitutions.Lille also drew 2-2 with Nantes earlier in the day while a 49th minute Boulaye Dia handed Reims a 1-0 win against Rennes.

Eden Hazard scored his first goal in a Real Madrid shirt as they went four points clear at the top of La Liga with a 4-2 win over second-placed Granada.  Hazard scored on the stroke of half-time to double Real's lead after Karim Benzema's opener inside two minutes. Luka Modric then smashed in a third from outside the box.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableBut Granada, this season's surprise package in La Liga, pulled two goals back. Real 'keeper Alphonse Areola, in for the ill Thibaut Courtois, blundered over a back-pass eight minutes later and bundled over Alvaro Vadillo, with Darwin Machis making no mistake from the spot.Domingos Duarte then made it 3-2 when he netted at the far post, but James Rodriguez scored in stoppage-time as Real repelled the comeback and continued their unbeaten start.Also on Saturday, Leganes stayed bottom of the table after losing 2-1 to Levante, while Valencia are now eighth following a 2-1 win over Alaves. In the late game, Osasuna came from behind to beat Villarreal 2-1, putting both teams on 11 points.Bundesliga: Bayern Munich suffer shock home defeatBayern Munich were defeated 2-1 at the Allianz Arena by Hoffenheim just four days after beating Tottenham 7-2 in London. Sargis Adamyan's double either side of Robert Lewandowski's equaliser was enough to secure a famous victory for Hoffenheim and subject the German champions to their first defeat of the season.Bundesliga tableBundesliga fixturesSerge Gnabry, who scored four against Spurs, had the ball in the net but the goal was ruled out for offside.The defeat was Bayern's first at home in all competitions since March and their first in the league for a year, but they remain top after both Freiburg and Schalke failed to take advantage.Freiburg drew 2-2 with Dortmund, while Schalke conceded a late equaliser in a 1-1 draw with Cologne. Elsewhere, Paderborn lost 2-1 to Mainz and Bayer Leverkusen drew 1-1 with RB Leipzig.Ligue 1: Neymar scores again in PSG win Neymar continued on his road to redemption with Paris Saint-Germain fans with another stoppage-time goal, this one sealing an emphatic victory as the French champions romped to a 4-0 win over Angers.Ligue 1 tableLigue 1 fixturesPablo Sarabia opened the scoring after 13 minutes, before assisting goals for Mauro Icardi and Idrissa Gueye either side of half-time.Neymar was booked for handball 10 minutes from time, but made amends with his late goal.Montpellier moved to sixth place with a 3-1 win over Monaco, who played with 10 men from the 81st as Russian midfielder Aleksandr Golovin was sent off for a second yellow card. Also, Bordeaux beat Toulouse 3-1, Dijon edged Strasbourg 1-0 and Brest defeated Metz 2-0.Serie A: Four red cards and saved penalty in Milan winGoalkeeper Pepe Reina pulled off a superb penalty save in stoppage time to make up for an earlier mistake as misfiring AC Milan hung on for a gritty 2-1 win over Genoa in a thrilling Serie A game that saw four red cards.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesWith just two wins and four goals in their opening six league games, Milan suffered a further blow before kick-off when goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma was forced to withdraw due to a stomach bug, with Reina deputising between the posts.Genoa had problems of their own when captain Domenico Criscito was carried off on a stretcher with a hamstring injury after 10 minutes and he was replaced by Davide Biraschi.Both understudies went on to struggle and a Reina howler gifted Genoa the lead when he completely misjudged Lasse Schone's first-half free-kick, allowing it to fly past him into the net. Genoa had substitute Riccardo Sapponara sent off by the referee just before half-time and Milan's luck turned after the break as Theo Hernandez scored, exploiting a quick free-kick to equalise from a very tight angle.Five minutes later, Genoa's Biraschi was sent off for handling the ball in the penalty area and Franck Kessie stepped up to stroke home the spot-kick and put his team into the lead.Davide Calabria collected his second yellow for Milan in the 79th minute and Reina then upended Christian Kouame to concede a late penalty but he redeemed himself by steering Schone's spot-kick away for a corner.Milan substitute Samu Castillejo was sent off from the bench before the game finally ended in a win for the visitors.Earlier, there were home wins for SPAL, who beat Parma 1-0 despite having Gabriel Strefezza sent off, and Verona, who scored a 2-0 victory over bottom side Sampdoria.
Inter Milan welcome Juventus on Sunday night in a highly-anticipated clash which already has all the credentials of a Serie A title contender. Hosts Inter, revitalised by coach Antonio Conte, have made a perfect start to their domestic campaign with six wins from six games but the reigning Serie A champions remain unbeaten this season under Maurizio Sarri.Dubbed the 'Derby d'Italia', the clash between the two Italian powerhouses is one of the most eagerly awaited and bitterly contested games in the Serie A footballing calendar, as well as the most frequent one with over 230 precedents in history.So what can we expect on Sunday night? We find out here...Sarri-ball or Conte-ball?This season more than any other, Inter Milan against Juventus is a match-up between two different football ideologists: Conte and Sarri. The two managers preceding Frank Lampard at Chelsea now find themselves at the forefront of one of the biggest rivalries in their home country - with the same man who ushered in Juventus' eight-year title-winning cycle now vowing to end it.Sarri's dynamic and possession-based football marks a break in tradition at Juventus. Just like at Chelsea, his start to the season did not produce overly exciting football, but brought many wins on the board - and that is what everybody cares about in Turin. After a couple of underwhelming performances, Juventus remain unbeaten after eight games, preserving their aura as the top of the class.Inter have Conte's tactical discipline and defensive rigidity to thank as their first six domestic fixtures marked an evident evolution and improvement in performance. They boast the best defensive record so far with only two goals conceded - and despite a more-than-convincing display at the Nou Camp on Wednesday when they lost 2-1 to Barcelona, Conte highlighted how under no circumstances a big team shall be content with a loss on the night.Sky in Italy pundit Paolo Cond&#242; compared Sarri and Conte to two historic Italian managers such as Arrigo Sacchi and Fabio Capello. Sarri - just like AC Milan great Sacchi - failed to have a significant playing career and focuses on transmitting his ideas to his players. Meanwhile, Conte and Capello have learned a lot from their playing experience and made man-management their prime skill. Ronaldo and Lukaku, the poster menWhen Conte was given the keys to the Inter training centre, he was given carte blanche to act as he pleased, especially in the transfer market. His pursuit - and capture - of Romelu Lukaku, two years after his attempts to sign him at Chelsea, caught nobody by surprise. He had finally gotten the forward that he had been dreaming of.Fast forward to two months later, and Lukaku is becoming the emblem of the new-style Inter. When he plays well, Inter win, and vice-versa. His goal-scoring record is respectful - with three goals in six league games albeit against sides in the bottom half of the table - but what Conte signed him for is his ability to play with the team, attract defensive marking and feed in midfielders. It's no wonder he shares top scorer honours with Stefano Sensi - a revelation since joining from Sassuolo.On the other side of the coin, Cristiano Ronaldo is yet to be enchanted by Sarri's tactics, but the league's most valuable player has found in Gonzalo Higuain a functioning strike partner. Empowered by Sarri to go and be the match winner this season, the Portugal captain always turns up in the big games and he will have sensed that Inter are going all out to put an end to his dominance.After the win at Brescia two matchdays ago, Sarri reiterated that he expects Ronaldo to take advantage of his past as a left-winger by starting on the left-side of a two-man attack, shouldered by either Higuain or Paulo Dybala. The chance of seeing the three together are slim, as admitted by the coach himself - but as proven time and time again, Ronaldo does not need any partners. His two goals in two games at the San Siro are a good omen for Juventus fans. The history of the \"Derby d'Italia\"The term 'Derby d'Italia' was coined by journalist Gianni Brera in 1967 to explain the grudge between two teams who without being based in the same city share a deep antagonism through trophies won, geographical location, sporting tradition, fan-base size and ownership - the Moratti and Agnelli families, two of the most important economic dynasties in 1960s Italy.After endless title battles, most notably in the early noughties with a prime Ronaldo at Inter, what really made the tensions between the two clubs explode was the Calciopoli match-fixing scandal in 2006, that saw Juventus relegated to Serie B and stripped of their Serie A title, then given to third-placed Inter.The affair remains an open wound for Juventus, and only last week they lodged yet another appeal to the Italian FA just to have that 2006 title revoked altogether. Following Juve's relegation, Inter ransacked their rivals' squad, signing stars Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Patrick Vieira in cut-price deals. They went on to claim 14 domestic titles in four years, effectively building their success on Juve's misfortunes. View from the changing room: InterSky in Italy reporter Matteo Barzaghi: \"Inter are very angry after the loss to Barcelona - they played well but didn't manage to take home the points. The feeling in the changing room right now is a mixture of disappointment and anger - but they have the perfect chance to put that right against Juventus.\"There are little doubts about the line-up. Lukaku should be fit to play after shrugging off a muscular injury that kept him out of the Barcelona game. His link-up with Conte has started off fantastically - it looks like Conte is controlling him with a remote from the bench, he does whatever he asks him!\"He holds up the play, presses deep, gets in the danger zone, on repeat. For Conte's gameplay, it's very important that the striker makes this sort of contribution. Lukaku guarantees that sort of work. He said it himself: Conte is the perfect coach for me at this point in my career, I need someone who trusts me like he does. And Conte trusts him a lot, he's paramount for his style of play.\"He settled down in Italy very well, he already speaks fluent Italian and even understands tactical instructions in Italian. He is doing very well.\" View from the changing room: JuventusSky in Italy reporter Francesco Cosatti: \"Juventus come into this fixture in good shape, both physically and mentally. They played on Tuesday night, so they had one more rest day than Inter.\"On Thursday they opened their training session to club members, something which happens three or four times per season - but I can't remember it ever happening before such a big game.\"My understanding is that Sarri should make no changes to the starting eleven and will field a 4-3-1-2 formation with Aaron Ramsey behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuain, who is very tough to relegate to the bench right now - he is being a perfect strike partner to Cristiano.\"Ramsey found a certain consistency after some initial struggles. You can see that the attacking midfielder is not his ideal position, but he's a very tidy player who gives the team a lot of balance.\"Follow Inter v Juventus on the Sky Sports website - kick-off is at 7.45pm on Sunday night.

Catch up on the back pages from around Europe, including a new rival for Arsenal in the race to sign Donyell Malen. The transfer window remains closed across Europe until January 1 but clubs will already be scouting targets, speaking to agents and putting building blocks in place for future deals.And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.ItalyArsenal face competition from AC Milan in the race to sign PSV star Donyell Malen. The Dutch international - who spent two years in the Gunners academy - has scored 14 goals in 17 matches this season. (Tuttosport) Chelsea and Arsenal have scouted Anderlecht youngster Jeremy Doku. The 17-year-old winger has already made 14 senior appearances for the Belgian club. (CalcioMercato) Juventus remain interested in Mauro Icardi and could make a move for the striker, who is on loan from Inter at Paris Saint-Germain this season, in the summer of 2020. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Eusebio Di Francesco is set to be sacked by Sampdoria after I Blucerchiati suffered a 2-0 defeat to Hellas Verona. \"We're a little stunned by what we've seen,\" Samp president Massimo Ferrero said after the defeat. (Sky Italia) Gennaro Gattuso could return to AC Milan but only if Paolo Maldini leaves his role as technical director. Gattuso was sacked by the Rossoneri in the summer but may take over from Marco Giampaolo after a poor start to the season. (Corriere dello Sport) SpainVillarreal are set to offer winger Samuel Chukwueze a new long-term contract. The 20-year-old broke into the Yellow Submarine's first team last season and was linked with a move to Liverpool. (Marca)Real Madrid could launch a bid for Sporting midfielder Bruno Fernandes in January. The Portugal international was linked with Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur in the summer. (El Desmarque)  After he scored his first Real Madrid goal against Granada, Eden Hazard accepted he was already under pressure at the Bernabeu. \"People are talking, I've heard many things,\" he said. \"It was important to get that goal. I wanted to do something special.\" (AS) FranceJuventus are interested in Angers left-back Rayan Ait-Nouri and could make a move for the 18-year-old when the transfer window reopens in January. They will face competition from Paris Saint-Germain, however. (L'Equipe) Strasbourg full-back Kenny Lala has revealed Fiorentina tried to sign him in the summer. \"There was a concrete offer and I gave the green light,\" he explained. \"So it was then up to both clubs to agree but that did not happen.\" (France Football) GermanyIlkay Gundogan has revealed he held talks with Bayern Munich during Pep Guardiola's time in Bavaria. \"I can say openly there were talks with Bayern Munich once, but it didn't happen for different reasons. And now I'm very happy at Manchester City.\" (S&#252;ddeutsche Zeitung)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn&#8217;t mean clubs across Europe aren&#8217;t scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.  And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.SpainReal Madrid will make a bid for Tottenham star Christian Eriksen in January and could offer Luka Modric to Spurs as part of a deal for the Dane. (El Desmarque) Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea and agent Jorge Mendes are exploring the possibility of becoming owners of Spanish second-tier side Elche. (Cope Elche) Barcelona have not contacted River Plate manager Marcelo Gallardo about taking over at the Camp Nou mid-season if Ernesto Valverde is sacked. (Sport) Real Madrid will not look to cut short Martin &#216;degaard's loan at Real Sociedad in January. Los Blancos will assess whether to bring the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (Marca) Ajax full-back Nicolas Tagliafico turned down the opportunity to join Atletico Madrid this summer: \"I did not want to push the situation between me and Ajax so I decided to stay another year. We shall see next summer.\" (Cadena Cope)Victor Valdes could leave his position as coach of Barcelona's Juvenil A side after a falling out with Barca academy director Patrick Kluivert. (Catalunya Radio) ItalySpurs star Heung-Min Son's agent has talked up a future move to Napoli. \"Why not? Never say never in football,\" Thies Bliemeister said. \"Son likes Italy, the food, the people. It's not easy to take him from Tottenham, he costs a lot. But, one day, who knows?\" (Radio Marte) Takumi Minamino is the latest Red Bull Salzburg player to be linked with a move to Liverpool. The Reds are also reportedly interested in striker Erling Haaland and 18-year-old Dominik Szoboszlai. (CalcioMercato) Willian will be offered a new contract by Chelsea as the Blues do not want to lose the Brazilian next summer for nothing. (CalcioMercato) Carlo Ancelotti could leave Napoli at the end of the season if the club fail to mount a Serie A title challenge or struggle in the Champions League knockout stages. (Corriere dello Sport)Chelsea full-back Davide Zappacosta's loan spell at Roma could be cut short in January after he suffered an ACL injury in training. The Italy international may miss up to five months of football. (Various) Luciano Spalletti will not take over at AC Milan if the club part company with Marco Giampaolo. \"It's rubbish,\" he said. \"Let Giampaolo work, he is the rising star of Italian coaching.\" (Top Calcio 24)Sampdoria will turn to Claudio Ranieri or Stefano Pioli if they decide to sack Eusebio Di Francesco after Saturday's fixture against Verona. (Il Secolo XIX) FranceLaurent Koscielny has revealed why he forced a move away from Arsenal this summer. \"The Premier League requires a lot, physically and mentally,\" the Bordeaux defender said. \"I didn't feel I could play 40-50 matches and I didn't want to end with injuries. I've gone down a level, but take more pleasure. I can only say that I left with my head held high.\" (L'Equipe) Tiemoue Bakayoko, who returned to Monaco this summer on loan from Chelsea, has opened up on his struggles at Stamford Bridge. \"There are things that aren't explainable, things that will stay between me and the club. It didn't click. There's a bit of a disappointment but sometimes that happens. You just need to carry on.\" (Canal+)

Cristiano Ronaldo has hinted he might retire from football \"in the next year or two\" to become a fully-fledged businessman. He is aiming to move into the business world having launched a number of ventures - including his own line of underwear, denim, footwear, perfumes, a digital agency, restaurants, gyms and hotels - in the last few years.The Portugal captain suggested his time as a professional footballer might be nearly up with his contract at Juventus running until June 2022, when he will be 37.Ronaldo: Juve will win CL within two yearsRonaldo: I deserve more awards than Messi\"I still love football. I love to entertain the fans and the people who love Cristiano. It doesn't matter the age, it's all about mentality,\" he told SportBIBLE.\"The last five years I start to enjoy this process of seeing me outside of football, so who knows what will happen in the next year or two?\"You have to trust in yourself. In football, I have more control. I know what I can do. In business, it's more difficult, you depend on other people, but I have a good team. It will be a challenge.\"I always want to be number one. I will do it, 100 per cent.\"Ronaldo pointed out that sporting greats and the greatest managers share more than a few similarities.He added that his goal in the business world will be exactly the same one as a footballer - to work his way to the top through daily graft and commitment to the cause.\"I do not want to imitate anybody,\" he said. \"You have to be yourself all the time, but you can always pick up small details and take something from good examples, not only in football but in other sports as well - Formula 1, NBA, golf, UFC, whatever. The best athletes have a similar work ethic.\"Even the CEOs of great companies are always motivated and they have to work hard to achieve good things.\"It has taken many years of hard work, dedication and passion to achieve what I have in football. Outside of football I'm not there yet, but I'm a competitive guy and I don't like to be the number two or number three.\"
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.&#160; And our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across EuropeSpainChelsea star N'Golo Kante is among the list of midfielders Real Madrid will target to strengthen their squad next summer. Tottenham's Christian Eriksen, Manchester United's Paul Pogba and Ajax's Donny van de Beek are also options. (Sport) With Thibaut Courtois yet to convince at Real Madrid following his move from Chelsea in 2018, Los Blancos president Florentino Perez will consider triggering Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak's &#163;107m buyout clause next summer. (El Desmarque) Martin Odegaard does not plan to cut short his two-year loan at Real Sociedad. Manchester United have been linked with the 20-year-old while Real Madrid have considered bringing the Norwegian back to the Bernabeu next summer. (ESPN Deportes) Barcelona were interested in Inter Milan centre-back Stefan de Vrij in the summer and would have made a move for the Holland international if Samuel Umtiti had left the Nou Camp. (Mundo Deportivo) Achraf Hakimi hopes to return to Real Madrid next summer when his two-year loan at Borussia Dortmund comes to an end. \"At the moment I'm at a very good level, so I think I could play for Real Madrid. But at the end of the season, I'll tell you if I am prepared.\" (AS) ItalyManchester United, Juventus and Inter Milan will all make approaches for Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic in January. The 31-year-old would be available for around &#163;50m. (CalcioMercato)  Inter Milan will launch another bid for Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The Serie A leaders will use funds raised by the sale of Gabriel Barbosa to Flamengo. (Tuttosport) Hatem Ben Arfa, currently a free agent having left Rennes at the end of last season, has been offered the chance to sign with Fiorentina until the end of the season. (Tuttosport)AC Milan head coach Marco Giampaolo will not resign despite the Rossoneri making their worst start to a Serie A season in 81 years. He said: \"Resigning? Never. Leaving would mean giving up and we never give up.\" (Le Iene) FranceBarcelona and Paris Saint-Germain could strike a swap deal next summer which sees Antoine Griezmann head to the French capital and Neymar return to the Nou Camp. (Le10Sport)  Claude Puel is expected to be named new head coach of St Etienne and his first match in charge will be the Rhone derby against former club Lyon on Sunday. (RMC) 
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160; Italy Christian Eriksen has turned down another contract offer from Tottenham and hopes to secure a move to Juventus, Real Madrid or Manchester United when his current deal expires next summer. (CalcioMercato) Lionel Messi would like Barcelona to make a move for Inter Milan forward and Argentine compatriot Lautaro Martinez. (Corriere dello Sport) Barcelona scouts used their Champions League clash with Inter Milan to run their eye over Nerazzurri trio Milan Skriniar, Stefano Sensi and Martinez. (CalcioMercato) Liverpool are the latest English club to be linked with Red Bull Salzburg midfielder Dominik Szoboszlai. The 18-year-old featured against the Reds in the Champions League on Wednesday and has also been linked with Arsenal. (CalcioMercato) SpainBarcelona have added Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Amer Gojak to their list of potential transfer targets. Scouts from the Liga club were at the Etihad Stadium on Tuesday to watch Dani Olmo and the 22-year-old Bosnian. (Mundo Deportivo) Real Madrid plan to improve their midfield in the January transfer window and have a shortlist that includes Christian Eriksen, Donny van de Beek and Rennes' 16-year-old Eduardo Camavinga. (Marca) Los Blancos will look to offload Mariano Diaz in the winter transfer window and will also look to loan out former Manchester City youngster Brahim Diaz. (Marca) GermanyBayern Munich expect Manchester City winger Leroy Sane to be available at reduced price next summer as the Germany international will have just one year remaining on his contract. (Sport Bild) Werder Bremen coach Florian Kohfeldt has ruled out leaving the club this season after he was named as a potential replacement for Lucien Favre at Borussia Dortmund. (Bild) FranceParis Saint-Germain will offer Marquinhos a contract extension. The versatile Brazilian has become a vital component of Thomas Tuchel's midfield and the Ligue 1 side want to keep him at the club until 2023. (Le10Sport) HollandAjax midfielder Donny van de Beek has ruled out leaving the Dutch club in the January transfer window. \"I will end the year with Ajax,\" he said. \"Maybe at one point in my career I would change clubs in the winter, but currently I won't do that.\" (Voetbal International) BelgiumDries Mertens could leave Napoli when his contract expires next summer: \"At the end of this year I'll assess whether to renew my contract with the Azzurri or not,\" he said. \"It's still too early. I'm not in a position to rule anything out.\" (Sport/Voetbalmagazine)
Our friends at Football Whispers are here to round up all the latest news, views and gossip from across Europe.&#160; SpainArsenal and Manchester City are both interested in Martin Odegaard and could make an offer next summer. Odegaard has quickly impressed on a two-year loan at Real Sociedad from Real Madrid, who would demand around &#163;55m for the Norwegian. (Eldesmarque)Barcelona remain interested in Chelsea winger Willian and could offer the Brazilian a contract in January when his deal with the Blues will have only six months to run. (Mundo Deportivo) Liverpool, Tottenham, Bayer Leverkusen, Valencia, AC Milan and Atletico Madrid were all interested in Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Dani Olmo this summer but were put off a transfer by the club's &#163;35m valuation. (Marca) Former Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was whistled by Real Madrid fans and then brought off at half time of Los Blancos' 2-2 Champions League draw with Club Brugge. The goalkeeper was supposedly withdrawn at the break due to stomach problems. (Marca)Real Madrid will send several scouts to watch Ajax trio Donny van de Beek, Hakim Ziyech and David Neres. The Liga giants were linked with Van de Beek in the summer as an alternative to Paul Pogba. (AS) Qatari club Al Rayyan have held talks with Diego Costa over a potential transfer next summer. The striker has struggled since returning to Atletico Madrid from Chelsea in 2018 and has scored just six La Liga goals. (AS) ItalyMassimiliano Allegri will not break his year-long sabbatical to take over at either Tottenham or AC Milan. The Italian coach, who is believed to be learning English, has been out of work since the summer after he left Juventus. (Corriere dello Sport)Former Italy international Claudio Marchisio is expected to announce his retirement from football. The midfielder had been in talks with Rangers and Monaco, and clubs in China, but has decided to hang up his boots. (Gazzetta dello Sport)  Andriy Shevchenko has not been offered the opportunity to replace Marco Giampaolo by AC Milan. \"I love Milan but the club has not contacted me,\" the former striker said. \"On a professional level I'm not thinking about Milan right now.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport) Barcelona have also added AC Milan striker Krzysztof Piatek to their growing list of potential long-term Luis Suarez replacements. The Poland international only joined the Rossoneri in January from Genoa after a goal-laden start to life in Serie A. (Calciomercato)FranceManchester United will continue to monitor the form of Lyon striker Moussa Dembele this season ahead of a move for the French striker next summer. The 23-year-old has become a priority for the Premier League side. (Le10Sport) Chelsea are interested in 18-year-old Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile and could make an offer for the centre-back when their registration ban comes to an end next summer. (Le10Sport) Former Leicester manager Claude Puel is expected to take charge of St Etienne and wants former Foxes assistant Jacky Bonnevay to join him at the Ligue 1 side. (Le Progres) GermanyBayern Munich were offered the chance to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City this summer but the Bundesliga club opted not to pursue a deal for the Brazilian and instead focused on Leroy Sane. (Sport Bild) The Bavarians hope to sign Sane next summer and will also move for Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Kai Havertz. If Bayern are unable to land Havertz they will look to make Philippe Coutinho's loan move from Barcelona permanent. (Sport Bild) 
Manchester United target Mario Mandzukic will be available for transfer from Juventus in January, according to Sky in Italy. The Croatia striker turned down a move to United, as well as Paris Saint-Germain and a club in Qatar in the summer, after being told he could leave the Serie A club.Mandzukic has not played for new Bianconeri boss Maurizio Sarri so far this season and was not included in his Champions League squad either.United boss Ole Gunner Solskjaer admitted this week that the club will attempt to sign a new striker in the January transfer window but it remains to be seen whether or not they will make another attempt to convince Mandzukic to join them.\"You don't have to be a rocket scientist to know it's a forward we're going to try to recruit next time,\" Solskjaer said. \"We're looking for some creativity and goals, but they [potential signings] have to be the right one.\"There were strikers available [in the summer] but not the ones we wanted. We couldn't get the one we wanted.\" Fernando Llorente, who was out of contact at Tottenham, was another player offered to United but they opted not to pursue him, and the Spaniard ended up signing for Napoli, where he has impressed with three goals so far this term.Reports have also claimed that Solskjaer is an admirer of young Norwegian starlet Erling Braut Haaland, son of ex-Manchester City player Alfe Inge, who has made an outstanding start to the campaign at RB Salzburg.
Jose Mourinho has ruled out returning to management in Italy. The former Inter Milan boss, who has been out of work since being sacked by Manchester United at the end of last year, has been linked with a number of Serie A jobs.More recently, however, it has been reported he could return to Real Madrid to replace Zinedine Zidane, who has won half of all his matches in charge this season despite sitting top of La Liga.Speaking to Italian TV show Tiki Taka, Mourinho said: \"I haven't worked for seven, eight months so we'll see what happens.\"But I don't think I'll come back to work in Italy. It's a sensation, but I don't think my future will be in Italy.\"As Inter boss, Mourinho won a Champions League-Serie A double in 2010 - his second of two league titles while in Italy, but the president who hired him, Massimo Morratti, has since left the club. \"Inter is my home and Moratti remains both my president and friend,\" Mourinho said. \"When I say he, I say family. It's as if he was my family, and I feel his family in a special way: everyone here is really special.\"My job also consists of finding the empathy I had with Inter fans. I give my all. I join a club, I take the shirt, I wear it and I live with that shirt.\"
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals.&#160; Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.ItalyArsene Wenger is the latest name being considered by AC Milan to replace the under-pressure Marco Giampaolo. The Rossoneri have made a poor start to their campaign and sit 16th after six matches. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Juventus have added Chelsea winger Willian to their shortlist of potential targets for the summer of 2020. As things stand, the Brazilian will become a free agent at the end of the current campaign. (Tuttosport) Manchester United could make an offer for Tottenham Hotspur defender Toby Alderweireld in January. The Belgian's contract expires at the end of the season and could be sold for a cut-price fee in the winter window. (Tuttosport) United will face competition to sign Mario Mandzukic from Juventus in January as MLS side Los Angeles FC are also interested in the 33-year-old striker. (Calciomercato) SpainEspanyol could turn to former Watford head coach Javi Gracia if the club decide to sack David Gallego, whose side have just one win from seven La Liga matches this term. (Sport)  Real Madrid may opt to end Martin Odegaard's two-year loan move to Real Sociedad next summer and incorporate him into the first-team squad ahead of the 2020/21 campaign. The 20-year-old has produced a number of impressive displays for La Real this term. (AS) Barcelona are unhappy with midfielder Arthur after the midfielder was pictured on a night out with Neymar, who is suing the La Liga champions over an unpaid loyalty bonus of &#163;23m. (Marca) France Monaco are prepared to take up their option to sign Leicester City loanee Islam Slimani on a permanent basis. The striker has four goals and four assists in five matches and it will cost the Ligue 1 side around &#163;9m to make his move permanent. (France Football)  GermanyBayern Munich centre-back Niklas Sule has revealed he would like to play in the Premier League. \"This is one of the leagues in which I really want to play,\" Sule, who was linked with Chelsea before his move to Bayern, explained. (Spox) Russia Crystal Palace could make an offer for Fedor Chalov next year after they failed to sign the CSKA Moscow forward in the summer. \"I talked with Roy Hodgson and he really likes the player,\" agent Sandor Varga said. \"I don't want to exclude the possibility of another move for him next summer.\" (Championat)
The transfer window is closed until January but that doesn't mean clubs across Europe aren't scouting players, speaking to agents and putting the building blocks in place for future deals. Which is why there is plenty of news and gossip emerging from across the continent. And our friends at Football Whispers are here to bring you the latest.GermanyJadon Sancho will not remain at Borussia Dortmund for the duration of his five-year contract, BVB sporting director Michael Zorc has confirmed. \"No decision has been made [on a transfer next summer]. But you don't have to be a prophet to say Jadon won't play here for five more years.\" (Kicker)SpainEden Hazard is not viewed as a leader on or off the pitch by senior members of the Real Madrid dressing room. Injury has disrupted the Belgian's start to life at the Bernabeu and he's yet to score or assist for the La Liga club. (El Chiringuito)Senior players at Barcelona are unsure why the club didn't have an alternative to Neymar lined up once it became clear Paris Saint-Germain were not going to sell the Brazilian in the summer. (Sport)Barcelona's 16-year-old winger Ansu Fati has been included by Spain head coach Robert Moreno on the preliminary squad list for Euro 2020 qualifiers against Sweden and Norway next month. (Cadena SER)ItalyJose Mourinho doesn't expect to make a return to Italian football. \"I haven't worked for almost eight months so we'll see what happens, but I don't think I'll come back to work in Italy. It's a feeling... I don't think my future will be in Italy.\" (Tiki Taka)  Claudio Ranieri believes Massimiliano Allegri, who has been linked with Tottenham and Manchester United, would be suited to coaching in England. \"Massimiliano would have no problems understanding the mentality of English football,\" he said. (Radio Anch'io Sport)Ranieri could soon make a return to the touchline as the 67-year-old is on AC Milan's shortlist to replace Marco Giampaolo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)The Rossoneri have also held talks with club legend Andriy Shevchenko over a return to San Siro. The former striker, who scored 175 goals for Milan, is currently in charge of the Ukraine national team. (TuttoMercatoWeb)Genoa have held talks with Gennaro Gattuso as they look to replace the under-pressure Aurelio Andreazzoli. (Sky Italia) France Edinson Cavani is ready to leave Paris Saint-Germain next summer when his contract expires. The Ligue 1 champions have yet to hold talks with the striker over a new deal and he's been linked with David Beckham's MLS franchise Inter Miami. (L'Equipe) HollandAjax are set to offer midfielder Donny van de Beek a new contract. The 22-year-old was courted by Real Madrid in the summer as an alternative to Paul Pogba and Los Blancos could return for the Dutch international even if he does sign a new deal. (Voetbal International)
Mario Balotelli scored his first goal for Brescia, but it was not enough to prevent his new side from going down to a 2-1 defeat at Napoli in Serie A on Sunday. Three years on from his last goal in the Italian top flight, Balotelli carried Pia, his six-year-old daughter, onto the field with him.Serie A tableSerie A fixturesThe hosts took a 2-0 lead through Dries Mertens and Kostas Manolas before the break but Balotelli took advantage of his imposing physique to head in from a corner midway through the second half to make it interesting, but Brescia were unable to complete the comeback.\"Mario is a player that you all know,\" the club's head coach Eugenio Corini said. \"He arrived with a lot of motivation and he really seems to be bonding with the squad. He's a great player and I'll always expect something extra from him.\"Bouncing back from a highly disappointing midweek loss to Cagliari, fourth-placed Napoli moved within one point of third-placed Atalanta.AC Milan coach Marco Giampaolo is at risk of losing his job after the Rossoneri lost 3-1 at home to Fiorentina for their third straight league defeat.It's the first time since the 1938/39 season that Milan have lost four of their opening six matches, and they now sit 16th in the table - a point above the relegation zone. Erick Pulgar put Fiorentina ahead early on with a penalty and Milan were reduced to 10 men after the break when VAR determined that a studs-up tackle by Mateo Musacchio into Franck Ribery's ankle deserved a red card.Gaetano Castrovilli doubled Fiorentina's advantage by getting to a rebound, and Ribery fooled a pair of defenders to make it 3-0 after a poor penalty attempt from Federico Chiesa was saved by Milan goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.Rafael Leo slalomed past several defenders to pull one back in style for Milan's only real highlight.Elsewhere, Roma are fifth, one point behind Napoli, after Edin Dzeko's header earned them a 1-0 victory at Lecce.Lazio are one point further back in sixth after thrashing Genoa 4-0 with goals from Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Stefan Radu, Felipe Caicedo and Ciro Immobile, while Udinese beat Bologna with a first-half strike from Stefano Okaka. La Liga: Pressure mounts on Espanyol's GallegoEspanyol coach David Gallego is under immense pressure after his side lost for the fourth time in as many home games this season.They fell to a 2-0 defeat to Valladolid at RCDE Stadium on Sunday, finishing the match with 10 men and with their disgruntled fans calling for Gallego to be dismissed.La Liga fixturesLa Liga tableValladolid's Michel Herrero converted a first-half penalty and Oscar Plano added another goal in stoppage time. Espanyol defender Fernando Calero was given a straight red card for a professional foul. Also on Sunday, Eibar earned a second consecutive win by beating Celta Vigo 2-0 thanks to goals from Edu Expsito and Fabian Orellana.Sevilla are up to sixth in the table after beating Real Sociedad 3-2 at the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan.Mikel Oyarzabal's opener was cancelled out by Nolito before further strikes from Lucas Ocampos and Franco Vazquez put the hosts in control. Portu set up a nervy finale but Sevilla held on.Bundesliga: Ibisevic inspires HerthaSubstitute Vedad Ibisevic scored two goals with his first two touches of the ball in Hertha Berlin's 4-0 rout of 10-man Cologne in the Bundesliga on Sunday. Hertha were given a helping hand by VAR when Cologne defender Jorge Mer was sent off moments before the break. Referee Sren Storks had shown Mer a yellow card for a late challenge on Vladimir Darida, but changed it to red after consulting video replays.Bundesliga tableCologne had made a good start but Javairo Dilrosun scored against the run of play in the 23rd minute.Ibisevic made an instant impact after coming on, scoring twice either side of the hour-mark. Belgian defender Dedryck Boyata completed the rout with his first Bundesliga goal in the 83rd minute as Hertha climbed to 10th and left Cologne in 17th place after six rounds. Both teams posed together for a photo before the game to mark \"Diversity Day,\" while Cologne players also wore jerseys that had the sponsor's name in rainbow colors.Earlier on Sunday, Luca Waldschmidt scored a late goal for Freiburg to win 2-1 at Fortuna Dsseldorf and move third on goal difference, a point off leaders Bayern Munich.
The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window.&#160; So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.TurkeyManchester City are eyeing up Leicester City centre-back Caglar Soyuncu as Pep Guardiola looks to bolster his defensive options following injuries to Aymeric Laporte and John Stones. (Fotospor)SpainBarcelona will revive their interest in Chelsea winger Willian. The La Liga club had reportedly been keen on the Brazilian in the summer. (Mundo Deportivo)After recording their first away win over the season by beating Getafe on Saturday, Barcelona head coach Ernesto Valverde revealed winger Ousmane Dembele might not be fit for their Champions League tie against Inter. The Frenchman missed the trip to Madrid as a precaution but might not be ready in time for Wednesday. \"I don't know,\" Valverde replied when asked if the Frenchman would feature. \"I wish that wasn't the case, but I can't say for sure.\" (Marca)Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane defended summer signing Eden Hazard after the Belgian came in for criticism in Saturday's goalless draw against rivals Atletico Madrid. \"He doesn't lack much,\" the French tactician said, \"just little things. We have to stick with him. He's done a good job, but we haven't had many chances.\" (Marca)Hazard and Trippier's contrasting nightsItalyLiverpool are interested in signing Ajax winger David Neres, 22, as the Reds look to boost their attack. The Brazilian international can play on either flank. (Calciomercato)Borussia Dortmund have joined the race to sign Brescia's highly-rated midfielder Sandro Tonali. The 19-year-old is also wanted by Juventus and Milan. (Calciomercato)Juventus are desperate to attract Paris Saint-Germain defender Thomas Meunier to Turin and will 'do anything' to convince the Belgian to sign. Juve defender Mattia De Sciglio could even be used as a makeweight. Meunier is out of contract at the end of the season and has been offered a new deal already. (Corriere dello Sport) Napoli's attempts to renew the contract of Belgian striker Dries Mertens have hit a stumbling block. The forward shows no inclination to extend his deal with the Neapolitans and is reportedly courting interesting from the US, Saudi Arabia, China and Belgium. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Leandro Paredes will return to Italy having fallen out of favour in France. The Argentine has been used infrequently by coach Thomas Tuchel and Juventus, Inter and Milan are all keen. (Gazzetta dello Sport)GermanyBundesliga sides Schalke and Wolfsburg have both reportedly shown interest in out-of-work coach Jose Mourinho since the Portuguese was sacked by Manchester United last December. (SportBild)FranceMarseille were offered Celtic midfielder Olivier Ntcham this summer but sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta had no interest in the former Manchester City youngster as he wanted to sign Valentin Rongier instead. (La Provence) Marseille coach Andre Villas-Boas has revealed he wanted to sign Rennes' teenage wonderkid Eduardo Camavinga but the 16-year-old's price-tag made a move impossible. \"When I arrived in Marseille, I took a little time to watch Camavinga and it was impressive,\" the Portuguese said. \"I asked Andoni (Zubizarreta) if we could make an offer, but he told me it was &#8364;40m so it will be difficult.\" (La Provence)Former France coach Raymond Domenech has backed Laurent Blanc to replace under-pressure Lyon coach Sylvinho. (Le10Sport)RB Leipzig midfielder Christopher Nkunku has admitted he had to leave Paris Saint-Germain in order to secure regular first-team football. \"The departure of young people? This is understandable,\" he said. \"The young people realize that it's stuffy for them. Any player trained to the club dreams of imposing itself but in Paris it is not obvious. Some had their chance, some did not. I think I was patient, I tried. But I realized that for my career to take off, I had to go elsewhere.\" (France Football)SwedenThe agent of Manchester United defender Victor Lindelof has revealed the Swedish defender was wanted by Barcelona during the summer transfer window. (Sportbladet)


The season might only be a few weeks old but already clubs across Europe are plotting for the January transfer window. So we asked our friends at Football Whispers to round up all the latest news and gossip from the continent.Transfer Centre LIVE!SpainParis Saint-Germain forward Neymar is willing to drop a lawsuit against former club Barcelona over an alleged unpaid bonus if the Catalans commit to re-signing him in writing. (Cadena Ser)Real Madrid have been impressed with Norwegian attacker Martin Odegaard's performances while on loan at Real Sociedad but they will not recall the 20-year-old. Odegaard had appeared to lose his way during two loan spells in the Eredivisie but is playing the best football of his young career in San Sebastian. (Marca)Neither Lionel Messi nor 16-year-old sensation Ansu Fati will travel with the Barcelona squad for their La Liga clash against Getafe this weekend due to injury. Fati is sidelined with a minor knee problem while Messi has an abductor issue. (Marca)Former Watford head coach Javi Gracia has revealed his surprise at being sacked by the Hornets just four months after reaching the club's second FA Cup final. \"I did not expect it because I had not had an earlier conversation in which they made me see that possibility,\" Gracia explained. \"After the 3-0 victory at the Carabao Cup and the tie at Newcastle...I honestly didn't expect four days later to fire me.\" (AS)ItalyManchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has requested a new contract with a &#163;600,000-a-week salary in order to remain at Old Trafford amid interest from Juventus and Real Madrid. (Tuttosport) Contrary to reports, under-pressure Milan coach Marco Giampaolo will not be sacked if the Rossoneri do not get a result against Fiorentina at San Siro on Sunday. The Milan board have backed their coach, who succeeded Gennaro Gattuso this summer, and he will remain in charge whatever the outcome. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Serie A holders Juventus are plotting a summer move for Brescia midfielder Sandro Tonali who has been likened to former Juventus ace Andrea Pirlo. (Gazzetta dello Sport)Fiorentina captain German Pezzella has revealed he turned down a summer move to Milan to remain in Florence following the signing of former Bayern Munich attacker Franck Ribery. \"When Franck entered the locker room I was a little hesitant,\" Pezzella said. \"He has a gold roll of fear. Instead, from day one Ribery was one of us. He taught us to be hungry, to always want to improve.\" (Gazzetta dello Sport)FranceMarseille have denied they are in negotiations with sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta about terminating his contract. The former Barcelona keeper has come under increasing pressure at OM. (RMC Sport) Paris Saint-Germain's hopes of signing Emre Can have been dealt a blow after Juventus coach Maurizio Sarri admitted he wanted to reintegrate the German into the side after he was left out of Juve's Champions League squad. \"He suffered from this decision but we were forced not to put him on the list for the Champions League,\" Sarri said. \"He responded very well to training and we want to get him back in the team as quickly as possible.\" (Le10Sport)GermanyBorussia Dortmund director of sport Michael Zorc has thrown his support behind captain Marco Reus. The German international was criticised for his outburst following Dortmunds 2-2 draw with Eintracht Frankfurt which saw them drop two points. \"You can write what you want. We have a clear position,\" Zorc told reporters on Friday. \"Marco is our captain and will remain so - there is no reason to change anything.\" (Various)NetherlandsAjax will extend the contract of reported Real Madrid transfer target Donny van de Beek in a bid to ward off interest from Los Blancos. The 22-year-old will be offered a deal until 2022 to keep him in Amsterdam. (Algemeen Dagblad)
Inter Milan and AC Milan have unveiled the two shortlisted projects for their proposed new stadium, which would see the demolition of the iconic San Siro. At a presentation at Milan's Politecnico University on Thursday, the two architectural firms who are the finalists - Populous and Manica-Cmr Sportium - revealed their plans.In collaboration with the clubs, the city council will decide whether to give the green light to one of the designs. It could also opt instead to renovate the existing stadium. The new stadium is expected to cost &#8364;650m (&#163;577m) and take three years to build. The clubs also plan to consult fans about the proposals.Both projects would bring supporters closer to the pitch, but both designs will include references to the old stadium so the history of the original San Siro is not forgotten.Manica's designs would see the old pitch preserved and in a park for the whole city, while Populous plans to put a museum on the site of the old field, with the entrance where the centre circle was.The Italo-American firm Manica's project includes two rings interlocked, with panels of individual fans' faces on the exterior.  The stadium designed by Populous - an American firm - has echoes of famous Milan sites such as the Duomo and the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II and incorporates a gallery covered by glass.Both Milan clubs opted against renovating the San Siro as it would have cost an estimated &#8364;510m (&#163;452m), meant a loss of &#8364;115m (&#163;102m) in revenue during construction and taken five to six years to complete.
